From ian.gorrie at owasp.org  Tue Jun  6 00:01:35 2017
From: ian.gorrie at owasp.org (Ian Gorrie)
Date: Mon, 5 Jun 2017 17:01:35 -0700
Subject: [Owasp-seattle] June Meeting
Message-ID: <CAD9qvofXN=s22523EBGVy0=gWQysixOfd+UXNgPVg=GZvN=DbA@mail.gmail.com>

On the evening of June 13th, OWASP is being hosted at Twitter's offices in
downtown Seattle.

Twitter

1501 4th Ave, Seattle, WA

*4th Ave entrance, guard will badge guests up to the 19th floor where the
event will be held*

Please RSVP on the meetup as Twitter wants to match names with ID on the
attendance list

http://meetu.ps/39DrWX

---

The Secret Service - Bill Dimmick <https://www.linkedin.com/in/dimmick/>

Cryptography is fundamental to good security practices and handling
cryptographic keys well is fundamental to securing cryptographic systems;
in this talk, we're going to cover how Twitter manages cryptographic keys
to scale with both the infrastructure and the business.

Bill Dimmick is a Staff Software Engineer and part of Twitter's Platform
Security team, focusing on his passions of cryptography, key management,
and PKI. He also previously designed the Odin key management system at
Amazon and has worked in the security field for the past dozen years, where
he delights in building solutions which work at scale and are
understandable and usable for engineers of all skillsets.

---

The Threat of Underdeveloped APIs - Michael Eddington
<https://www.linkedin.com/in/michaeleddington/>

OWASP Top-10 2017 will include Underprotected APIs
<https://www.owasp.org/index.php/Category:OWASP_Top_Ten_Project> as one of
the top 10 threats faced by developers and organizations. As the
interconnected web continues to flourish, more and more microservices will
have their associated web APIs exposed to the perils of exploitation at the
hands of competent threat agents. And even as these threats increase, the
pressure on DevOps teams to hold the security line grows too.

Current security solutions like Web Application Vulnerability Scanners were
never developed to address API risks. This talk will dive into the security
implications of APIs, examine what the challenges in protecting them, and
discuss techniques to do so.


Michael is a founder of Deja vu Security and its former CTO. Currently, he
is the Chief Architect for Peach Fuzzer. He is an authority in embedded
system security, cloud security and application security. Michael's
research is currently heavily focused on security fuzzing. He is a pioneer
in the field, having developed the industry leading open source fuzzing
platform Peach.  Peach is used by several industry-leading technology
companies as a fuzzing platform. Michael has worked for some of the leading
security companies and was instrumental in establishing the Security
Services Center for Hewlett-Packard's services division. Michael has also
participated in a number of open-source security development projects
ranging from threat modeling (such as the Trike threat modeling conceptual
framework) to fuzzing (e.g. The Peach Fuzzer Framework). Michael is
currently a member of Deja vu Security's board and its non-executive
chairman.

---

Exploitation and Security of SaaS Applications - Waqas Nazir

Today SaaS applications have found their way into the heart of most modern
enterprises. Companies that rely on SaaS applications typically don?t focus
on their security due to the assumptions that the platform provider has
already deployed proper security controls.  In this talk, I will present
some attack vectors and exploitation techniques which are especially
applicable to SaaS platforms which allow customizations such as
Salesforce's Force.com <http://force.com/>. Moreover, I will discuss the
need to utilize smart assessment methodologies when assessing the security
posture of SaaS applications, as conventional methods sometimes don?t apply
to SaaS providers.

Waqas Nazir is the Founder of DigitSec <https://www.digitsec.com/>. Waqas
has worked as an Information Security Consultant for many Fortune 100
companies where he has delivered services in various arenas of information
security. These include code reviews, black box assessments, product
reviews, custom tools development for complex security problems, policy and
process development. He has also worked with Microsoft Research (MSR) to
develop a static code analysis tool used for identifying areas of
vulnerabilities in code. He has also been featured in Microsoft?s
Information Security Newsletter. He is also credited with the discovery and
disclosure of vulnerabilities in many products.

---

Instructions for Arrival: Guests arrive and 1501 4th Ave Seattle WA, 98101
and head through the 4th Ave entrance. A guard will be available there to
direct guests up the escalators to a 3rd floor checking booth. After
checking in, a guard will badge guests up to the 19th floor where the event
will be held.
-------------- next part --------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed...
URL: <http://lists.owasp.org/pipermail/owasp-seattle/attachments/20170605/50f07ed3/attachment.html>

