From bev.corwin at owasp.org  Thu Jun  1 04:08:10 2017
From: bev.corwin at owasp.org (Bev Corwin)
Date: Thu, 01 Jun 2017 04:08:10 -0000
Subject: [Women_in_security] Invitation: WIA Monthly Meetings
In-Reply-To: <CAOK9xdLEK_BpbWzO3K6ydQ9gXEGhaHybuRZf+dhyf=g2_9DvRQ@mail.gmail.com>
References: <CAKHF8GEerCu5oiR1X_2XifZEFTi41xebmrE0Wfk+AAMaLDkmFQ@mail.gmail.com>
	<CAOK9xdJfZPNzMXzcb5Yu09B1HC+QGLUajD-NpszkyQh3MyQ3jA@mail.gmail.com>
	<CAKHF8GEbLmf6PO6sF3ob8FPsC-dG+toKQbtRy5FrH1NkKR099A@mail.gmail.com>
	<CAOK9xdJ-uvzngE6tGww5fYzHf5-RfcSif8ij53iNJ3-09QscYA@mail.gmail.com>
	<CAOK9xdJh2im8CMaBWuhe7o1+8aguLUVrVmyJGPneUDBFcbgzag@mail.gmail.com>
	<CAOK9xdJ0eRObGEZWr8MBM35kvgk-iVtRdzSPbH_QKcZ0P8Ak7A@mail.gmail.com>
	<CACH=f5Zeb25pHsxhLdoDLRh4yTDr3asMsZtXu=wxDzQ6dz7B1Q@mail.gmail.com>
	<CANH04d-FBsO+bY-ThvR+tf4m9K6EtYySf0wugRTxV1678gd1Ag@mail.gmail.com>
	<CAOK9xdL3P6DX2As4ygOcHHOy+fkognkTsigsuMtQodnJgrQskw@mail.gmail.com>
	<CANH04d8FQyAqMMY409JPEmjFyRDKMmFCWJMkLgEOEqbn8KYhRQ@mail.gmail.com>
	<CAKHF8GFXi7tw3vSJe=+bKS_fWT2T8zkyL_2duTwU6y6C15DSZw@mail.gmail.com>
	<CAOK9xdLEK_BpbWzO3K6ydQ9gXEGhaHybuRZf+dhyf=g2_9DvRQ@mail.gmail.com>
Message-ID: <CAKHF8GGEdbExnnjzFKmu5kYu41BOZ_LB=g-yHrTNF1LsU7Y2QQ@mail.gmail.com>

Thank you Shruthi, Sounds good. Looking forward to discussing with you.
Best wishes, Bev

On Wed, May 31, 2017 at 2:52 AM, shruthi <shruthikamath30 at gmail.com> wrote:

> Hi Bev,
>
> I had a couple of ideas for owasp specific events to be organised in
> India. I wanted to discuss in details about the same. I will write a
> separate email about the ideas.
>
> On Wed, May 31, 2017 at 5:37 AM, Bev Corwin <bev.corwin at owasp.org> wrote:
>
>> Hi everyone, I was waiting to hear from others, particularly Emily,
>> regarding scheduling next meeting. Since I didn't hear anything, didn't
>> hold meeting today. Let's try for next month. I'll update the calendar and
>> looking forward to seeing you all then. Best wishes, Bev
>>
>> On Tue, May 30, 2017 at 1:08 PM, Wendy Zenone <wendy at zenone.org> wrote:
>>
>>> I had to run, I had to join our team stand up. :-( I will look for the
>>> minutes.
>>>
>>> On Tue, May 30, 2017 at 9:51 AM, shruthi <shruthikamath30 at gmail.com>
>>> wrote:
>>>
>>>> Still says waiting for the chapter leader
>>>>
>>>> On Tue, May 30, 2017 at 10:17 PM, Wendy Zenone <wendy at zenone.org>
>>>> wrote:
>>>>
>>>>> I am on the call as well. FYI
>>>>>
>>>>>
>>>>> On Tue, May 30, 2017 at 9:24 AM, Owen Pendlebury <
>>>>> owen.pendlebury at owasp.org> wrote:
>>>>>
>>>>>> I am but waiting on organisor
>>>>>>
>>>>>> On Tue 30 May 2017 at 17:14, shruthi <shruthikamath30 at gmail.com>
>>>>>> wrote:
>>>>>>
>>>>>>> Hi ,
>>>>>>>
>>>>>>> Anyone on the call?
>>>>>>>
>>>>>>> On Tue, May 30, 2017 at 1:34 PM, shruthi <shruthikamath30 at gmail.com>
>>>>>>> wrote:
>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>> Hi Bev,
>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>> Do we have the call today?
>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>> Regards
>>>>>>>> Shruthi
>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>> On 30-May-2017 1:18 AM, "shruthi" <shruthikamath30 at gmail.com>
>>>>>>>> wrote:
>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>> Hi Bev,
>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>> Just checked 12 pm ET is 9:30 pm IST. This times works me for
>>>>>>>>> me.Anytime until 11:45 pm IST works. Apologies for the confusion.
>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>> On Mon, May 29, 2017 at 11:00 PM, Bev Corwin <bev.corwin at owasp.org
>>>>>>>>> > wrote:
>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>> Hi Shruthi, What time are you suggesting? Best wishes, Bev
>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>> On Mon, May 29, 2017 at 12:18 AM, shruthi <
>>>>>>>>>> shruthikamath30 at gmail.com> wrote:
>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>> Hi Bev,
>>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>> Can you move the meeting timing so I could join from the IST
>>>>>>>>>>> time zone.
>>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>> I missed the meeting last time as well due to late night call
>>>>>>>>>>> timings.
>>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>> Regards
>>>>>>>>>>> Shruthi
>>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>> On 29-May-2017 6:30 AM, "Bev Corwin" <bev.corwin at owasp.org>
>>>>>>>>>>> wrote:
>>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>>> Dear WIA list,
>>>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>>> Are monthly May and June WIA meetings at noon ET (USA NY) on
>>>>>>>>>>>> Tuesday May 30 and/or Tuesday June 20? Are we going to continue with
>>>>>>>>>>>> monthly WIA meetings?
>>>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>>> Best wishes,
>>>>>>>>>>>> Bev
>>>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>>>> On Sat, Apr 15, 2017 at 4:23 PM, Emily Verwee <
>>>>>>>>>>>>> emily.verwee at owasp.org> wrote:
>>>>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>>>>> more details ?
>>>>>>>>>>>>>> <https://www.google.com/calendar/event?action=VIEW&eid=cXRlZjVkOHF1cTN2ZG8xNGVpbTlqb3ZvdmMgYXBwc2VjX3VzYV93b21lbl9pbl9zZWN1cml0eUBsaXN0cy5vd2FzcC5vcmc&tok=MjIjZW1pbHkudmVyd2VlQG93YXNwLm9yZ2VhYjA3YTU5ZWE2MDMwZjNiZmYwNTFkOThjYWMxNDMxYzBmOWQzMjM&ctz=America/New_York&hl=en>
>>>>>>>>>>>>>> WIA April Call
>>>>>>>>>>>>>> WIA Meeting:
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>>>>> Agenda: https://docs.google.com/docume
>>>>>>>>>>>>>> nt/d/1RrUIrAgdL5llFXrZF0z4mmoGFPwN6uFKsscxQPXabDk/edit
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>>>>> WIA
>>>>>>>>>>>>>> Please visit & join the meeting space from your computer,
>>>>>>>>>>>>>> tablet, or smartphone.
>>>>>>>>>>>>>> https://www.gotomeet.me/owasp/wia-1
>>>>>>>>>>>>>> <https://www.google.com/url?q=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.gotomeet.me%2Fowasp%2Fwia-1&sa=D&usd=2&usg=AFQjCNGF6X1lYgZopG2NjInpUJ9HmEd4fg>
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>>>>> You can also dial in using your phone.
>>>>>>>>>>>>>> United States (toll-free): 1 877 309 2073 <(877)%20309-2073>
>>>>>>>>>>>>>> United States: +1 (571) 317-3129 <(571)%20317-3129>
>>>>>>>>>>>>>> Access Code: 293-573-101
>>>>>>>>>>>>>> More phone numbers:
>>>>>>>>>>>>>> Argentina (toll-free): 0 800 444 3375
>>>>>>>>>>>>>> Australia (toll-free): 1 800 193 385
>>>>>>>>>>>>>> Austria (toll-free): 0 800 295891
>>>>>>>>>>>>>> Bahrain (toll-free): 800 81 111
>>>>>>>>>>>>>> Belarus (toll-free): 8 820 0011 0214
>>>>>>>>>>>>>> Belgium (toll-free): 0 800 81385
>>>>>>>>>>>>>> Brazil (toll-free): 0 800 047 4906
>>>>>>>>>>>>>> Bulgaria (toll-free): 00800 120 4417
>>>>>>>>>>>>>> Canada (toll-free): 1 888 455 1389 <(888)%20455-1389>
>>>>>>>>>>>>>> Chile (toll-free): 800 395 150
>>>>>>>>>>>>>> China (toll-free): 4008 811084
>>>>>>>>>>>>>> Colombia (toll-free): 01 800 012 9054
>>>>>>>>>>>>>> Czech Republic (toll-free): 800 500448
>>>>>>>>>>>>>> Denmark (toll-free): 8090 1924
>>>>>>>>>>>>>> Finland (toll-free): 0 800 94507
>>>>>>>>>>>>>> France (toll-free): 0 805 541 047
>>>>>>>>>>>>>> Germany (toll-free): 0 800 723 5270
>>>>>>>>>>>>>> Greece (toll-free): 00 800 4414 3838
>>>>>>>>>>>>>> Hong Kong (toll-free): 800 968 962
>>>>>>>>>>>>>> Hungary (toll-free): (06) 80 986 255
>>>>>>>>>>>>>> Iceland (toll-free): 800 9869
>>>>>>>>>>>>>> India (toll-free): 000 800 100 7855
>>>>>>>>>>>>>> Indonesia (toll-free): 007 803 020 5375
>>>>>>>>>>>>>> Ireland (toll-free): 1 800 946 538
>>>>>>>>>>>>>> Israel (toll-free): 1 809 454 830
>>>>>>>>>>>>>> Italy (toll-free): 800 793887
>>>>>>>>>>>>>> Japan (toll-free): 0 120 663 800
>>>>>>>>>>>>>> Korea, Republic of (toll-free): 0806150880
>>>>>>>>>>>>>> Luxembourg (toll-free): 800 22104
>>>>>>>>>>>>>> Malaysia (toll-free): 1 800 81 6851
>>>>>>>>>>>>>> Mexico (toll-free): 01 800 288 3856
>>>>>>>>>>>>>> Netherlands (toll-free): 0 800 022 8381
>>>>>>>>>>>>>> New Zealand (toll-free): 0 800 47 0011
>>>>>>>>>>>>>> Norway (toll-free): 800 69 046
>>>>>>>>>>>>>> Panama (toll-free): 00 800 226 8832
>>>>>>>>>>>>>> Peru (toll-free): 0 800 54682
>>>>>>>>>>>>>> Philippines (toll-free): 1 800 1110 1661
>>>>>>>>>>>>>> Poland (toll-free): 00 800 1213979
>>>>>>>>>>>>>> Portugal (toll-free): 800 819 575
>>>>>>>>>>>>>> Romania (toll-free): 0 800 410 029
>>>>>>>>>>>>>> Russian Federation (toll-free): 8 800 100 6201
>>>>>>>>>>>>>> Saudi Arabia (toll-free): 800 814 2382 <(800)%20814-2382>
>>>>>>>>>>>>>> Singapore (toll-free): 800 101 2992
>>>>>>>>>>>>>> South Africa (toll-free): 0 800 983 867
>>>>>>>>>>>>>> Spain (toll-free): 800 900 582
>>>>>>>>>>>>>> Sweden (toll-free): 0 200 330 905
>>>>>>>>>>>>>> Switzerland (toll-free): 0 800 002 348
>>>>>>>>>>>>>> Taiwan (toll-free): 00 801 127 474
>>>>>>>>>>>>>> Thailand (toll-free): 001 800 658 131
>>>>>>>>>>>>>> Turkey (toll-free): 00 800 4488 23683
>>>>>>>>>>>>>> Ukraine (toll-free): 0 800 50 0641
>>>>>>>>>>>>>> United Arab Emirates (toll-free): 800 044 40439
>>>>>>>>>>>>>> United Kingdom (toll-free): 0 800 031 4744
>>>>>>>>>>>>>> Uruguay (toll-free): 000 413 598 4110
>>>>>>>>>>>>>> Viet Nam (toll-free): 122 80 481
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>>>>> *When*
>>>>>>>>>>>>>> Tue Apr 18, 2017 12pm ? 1pm Eastern Time
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>>>>> *Where*
>>>>>>>>>>>>>> Go2Meeting (map
>>>>>>>>>>>>>> <https://maps.google.com/maps?q=Go2Meeting&hl=en>)
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>>>>> *Calendar*
>>>>>>>>>>>>>> appsec_usa_women_in_security at lists.owasp.org
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>>>>> *Who*
>>>>>>>>>>>>>> ?
>>>>>>>>>>>>>> Emily Verwee - organizer
>>>>>>>>>>>>>> ?
>>>>>>>>>>>>>> Lyza 007
>>>>>>>>>>>>>> ?
>>>>>>>>>>>>>> Tiffany Long
>>>>>>>>>>>>>> ?
>>>>>>>>>>>>>> Owen Pendlebury
>>>>>>>>>>>>>> ?
>>>>>>>>>>>>>> zoe.braiterman at owasp.org
>>>>>>>>>>>>>> ?
>>>>>>>>>>>>>> Bev.Corwin at owasp.org
>>>>>>>>>>>>>> ?
>>>>>>>>>>>>>> loredana.mancini at owasp.org
>>>>>>>>>>>>>> ?
>>>>>>>>>>>>>> Katya Akinshin
>>>>>>>>>>>>>> ?
>>>>>>>>>>>>>> Jonathan Carter
>>>>>>>>>>>>>> ?
>>>>>>>>>>>>>> appsec_usa_women_in_security at lists.owasp.org
>>>>>>>>>>>>>> ?
>>>>>>>>>>>>>> wendy at zenone.org
>>>>>>>>>>>>>> ?
>>>>>>>>>>>>>> wlistvan at thoughtworks.com
>>>>>>>>>>>>>> ?
>>>>>>>>>>>>>> shruthi kamath
>>>>>>>>>>>>>> ?
>>>>>>>>>>>>>> Catherine Hall
>>>>>>>>>>>>>> ?
>>>>>>>>>>>>>> Silva Arapi
>>>>>>>>>>>>>> ?
>>>>>>>>>>>>>> colette.chamberland at owasp.org
>>>>>>>>>>>>>> ?
>>>>>>>>>>>>>> swalsh2u at pacbell.net
>>>>>>>>>>>>>> ?
>>>>>>>>>>>>>> nicole.becher at owasp.org
>>>>>>>>>>>>>> ?
>>>>>>>>>>>>>> joy at mangohealth.com
>>>>>>>>>>>>>> ?
>>>>>>>>>>>>>> Michelle.Simpson at owasp.org
>>>>>>>>>>>>>> ?
>>>>>>>>>>>>>> sue abd halim
>>>>>>>>>>>>>> ?
>>>>>>>>>>>>>> Nurul Nadia
>>>>>>>>>>>>>> ?
>>>>>>>>>>>>>> bil.corry at owasp.org
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>>>>> Going?   *Yes
>>>>>>>>>>>>>> <https://www.google.com/calendar/event?action=RESPOND&eid=cXRlZjVkOHF1cTN2ZG8xNGVpbTlqb3ZvdmMgYXBwc2VjX3VzYV93b21lbl9pbl9zZWN1cml0eUBsaXN0cy5vd2FzcC5vcmc&rst=1&tok=MjIjZW1pbHkudmVyd2VlQG93YXNwLm9yZ2VhYjA3YTU5ZWE2MDMwZjNiZmYwNTFkOThjYWMxNDMxYzBmOWQzMjM&ctz=America/New_York&hl=en>
>>>>>>>>>>>>>> - Maybe
>>>>>>>>>>>>>> <https://www.google.com/calendar/event?action=RESPOND&eid=cXRlZjVkOHF1cTN2ZG8xNGVpbTlqb3ZvdmMgYXBwc2VjX3VzYV93b21lbl9pbl9zZWN1cml0eUBsaXN0cy5vd2FzcC5vcmc&rst=3&tok=MjIjZW1pbHkudmVyd2VlQG93YXNwLm9yZ2VhYjA3YTU5ZWE2MDMwZjNiZmYwNTFkOThjYWMxNDMxYzBmOWQzMjM&ctz=America/New_York&hl=en>
>>>>>>>>>>>>>> - No
>>>>>>>>>>>>>> <https://www.google.com/calendar/event?action=RESPOND&eid=cXRlZjVkOHF1cTN2ZG8xNGVpbTlqb3ZvdmMgYXBwc2VjX3VzYV93b21lbl9pbl9zZWN1cml0eUBsaXN0cy5vd2FzcC5vcmc&rst=2&tok=MjIjZW1pbHkudmVyd2VlQG93YXNwLm9yZ2VhYjA3YTU5ZWE2MDMwZjNiZmYwNTFkOThjYWMxNDMxYzBmOWQzMjM&ctz=America/New_York&hl=en>*
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>     more options ?
>>>>>>>>>>>>>> <https://www.google.com/calendar/event?action=VIEW&eid=cXRlZjVkOHF1cTN2ZG8xNGVpbTlqb3ZvdmMgYXBwc2VjX3VzYV93b21lbl9pbl9zZWN1cml0eUBsaXN0cy5vd2FzcC5vcmc&tok=MjIjZW1pbHkudmVyd2VlQG93YXNwLm9yZ2VhYjA3YTU5ZWE2MDMwZjNiZmYwNTFkOThjYWMxNDMxYzBmOWQzMjM&ctz=America/New_York&hl=en>
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>>>>> Invitation from Google Calendar
>>>>>>>>>>>>>> <https://www.google.com/calendar/>
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>>>>> You are receiving this courtesy email at the account
>>>>>>>>>>>>>> appsec_usa_women_in_security at lists.owasp.org because you are
>>>>>>>>>>>>>> an attendee of this event.
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>>>>> To stop receiving future updates for this event, decline this
>>>>>>>>>>>>>> event. Alternatively you can sign up for a Google account at
>>>>>>>>>>>>>> https://www.google.com/calendar/ and control your
>>>>>>>>>>>>>> notification settings for your entire calendar.
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>>>>> Forwarding this invitation could allow any recipient to
>>>>>>>>>>>>>> modify your RSVP response. Learn More
>>>>>>>>>>>>>> <https://support.google.com/calendar/answer/37135#forwarding>
>>>>>>>>>>>>>> .
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>>>>> _______________________________________________
>>>>>>>>>>>>>> Appsec_usa_women_in_security mailing list
>>>>>>>>>>>>>> Appsec_usa_women_in_security at lists.owasp.org
>>>>>>>>>>>>>> https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/appsec_usa_women_in
>>>>>>>>>>>>>> _security
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>> --
>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>> Regards
>>>>>>>>> Shruthi
>>>>>>>>> @shruthikamath30|infosecgirls.in
>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>
>>>>>>> --
>>>>>>>
>>>>>>> Regards
>>>>>>> Shruthi
>>>>>>> @shruthikamath30|infosecgirls.in
>>>>>>>
>>>>>> --
>>>>>> Owen Pendlebury @pendo19 OWASP Ireland-Dublin
>>>>>> https://www.owasp.org/index.php/Ireland-Dublin @AppSecIreland OWASP
>>>>>> AppSec EU Committee/ Training Committee Chair https://2017.appsec.eu
>>>>>> @appseceu
>>>>>>
>>>>>
>>>>>
>>>>
>>>>
>>>> --
>>>>
>>>> Regards
>>>> Shruthi
>>>> @shruthikamath30|infosecgirls.in
>>>>
>>>
>>>
>>
>
>
> --
>
> Regards
> Shruthi
> @shruthikamath30|infosecgirls.in
>
-------------- next part --------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed...
URL: <http://lists.owasp.org/pipermail/owasp-women-in-appsec/attachments/20170601/4426fe21/attachment.html>

From bev.corwin at owasp.org  Tue Jun 20 17:09:06 2017
From: bev.corwin at owasp.org (Bev.Corwin@owasp.org)
Date: Tue, 20 Jun 2017 17:09:06 +0000
Subject: [Women_in_security] Updated Invitation: WIA July Call @ Tue Jul 11,
	2017 12pm - 1pm (EDT) (appsec_usa_women_in_security@lists.owasp.org)
Message-ID: <001a114e3f4a2ab69a0552674f00@google.com>

This event has been changed.

Title: WIA July Call (changed)
WIA Meeting:

Agenda:  
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1J5KYJdsv2EptsUvyDT-K6cMZtpx0Zu2qz4rbrcumnVI/edit?usp=sharing

WIA
Please visit & join the meeting space from your computer, tablet, or  
smartphone.
https://www.gotomeet.me/owasp/wia-1

You can also dial in using your phone.
United States (toll-free): 1 877 309 2073
United States: +1 (571) 317-3129
Access Code: 293-573-101
More phone numbers:
Argentina (toll-free): 0 800 444 3375
Australia (toll-free): 1 800 193 385
Austria (toll-free): 0 800 295891
Bahrain (toll-free): 800 81 111
Belarus (toll-free): 8 820 0011 0214
Belgium (toll-free): 0 800 81385
Brazil (toll-free): 0 800 047 4906
Bulgaria (toll-free): 00800 120 4417
Canada (toll-free): 1 888 455 1389
Chile (toll-free): 800 395 150
China (toll-free): 4008 811084
Colombia (toll-free): 01 800 012 9054
Czech Republic (toll-free): 800 500448
Denmark (toll-free): 8090 1924
Finland (toll-free): 0 800 94507
France (toll-free): 0 805 541 047
Germany (toll-free): 0 800 723 5270
Greece (toll-free): 00 800 4414 3838
Hong Kong (toll-free): 800 968 962
Hungary (toll-free): (06) 80 986 255
Iceland (toll-free): 800 9869
India (toll-free): 000 800 100 7855
Indonesia (toll-free): 007 803 020 5375
Ireland (toll-free): 1 800 946 538
Israel (toll-free): 1 809 454 830
Italy (toll-free): 800 793887
Japan (toll-free): 0 120 663 800
Korea, Republic of (toll-free): 0806150880
Luxembourg (toll-free): 800 22104
Malaysia (toll-free): 1 800 81 6851
Mexico (toll-free): 01 800 288 3856
Netherlands (toll-free): 0 800 022 8381
New Zealand (toll-free): 0 800 47 0011
Norway (toll-free): 800 69 046
Panama (toll-free): 00 800 226 8832
Peru (toll-free): 0 800 54682
Philippines (toll-free): 1 800 1110 1661
Poland (toll-free): 00 800 1213979
Portugal (toll-free): 800 819 575
Romania (toll-free): 0 800 410 029
Russian Federation (toll-free): 8 800 100 6201
Saudi Arabia (toll-free): 800 814 2382
Singapore (toll-free): 800 101 2992
South Africa (toll-free): 0 800 983 867
Spain (toll-free): 800 900 582
Sweden (toll-free): 0 200 330 905
Switzerland (toll-free): 0 800 002 348
Taiwan (toll-free): 00 801 127 474
Thailand (toll-free): 001 800 658 131
Turkey (toll-free): 00 800 4488 23683
Ukraine (toll-free): 0 800 50 0641
United Arab Emirates (toll-free): 800 044 40439
United Kingdom (toll-free): 0 800 031 4744
Uruguay (toll-free): 000 413 598 4110
Viet Nam (toll-free): 122 80 481
  (changed)
When: Tue Jul 11, 2017 12pm ? 1pm Eastern Time (changed)
Where: GotoMeeting (changed)
Calendar: appsec_usa_women_in_security at lists.owasp.org
Who:
     * Bev.Corwin at owasp.org - organizer
     * Tiffany Long
     * Owen Pendlebury
     * zoe.braiterman at owasp.org
     * Jonathan Carter
     * Katherine Cancelado Carre?o
     * wlistvan at thoughtworks.com
     * shruthi kamath
     * bstoskopf at rsglab.com
     * Catherine Hall
     * Silva Arapi
     * colette.chamberland at owasp.org
     * Emily Verwee
     * nicole.becher at owasp.org
     * bil.corry at owasp.org
     * Eryza 007
     * loredana.mancini at owasp.org
     * Katya Akinshin
     * appsec_usa_women_in_security at lists.owasp.org
     * wendy at zenone.org
     * swalsh2u at pacbell.net
     * Bev Corwin
     * joy at mangohealth.com
     * Michelle.Simpson at owasp.org
     * sue abd halim
     * Nurul Nadia
     * najo.ifield at outlook.com
     * tanya.janca at owasp.org

Event details:  
https://www.google.com/calendar/event?action=VIEW&eid=NjI0NDh2dGR1djE5ZjJwam9kb283b3A3c2cgYXBwc2VjX3VzYV93b21lbl9pbl9zZWN1cml0eUBsaXN0cy5vd2FzcC5vcmc&tok=MjAjYmV2LmNvcndpbkBvd2FzcC5vcmc1NDlkNTU5NjA2MDg1ZjBjMGJkMzc1OGQ1OTZhOWNjYWQwNDAyN2Jh&ctz=America/New_York&hl=en

Invitation from Google Calendar: https://www.google.com/calendar/

You are receiving this courtesy email at the account  
appsec_usa_women_in_security at lists.owasp.org because you are an attendee of  
this event.

To stop receiving future updates for this event, decline this event.  
Alternatively you can sign up for a Google account at  
https://www.google.com/calendar/ and control your notification settings for  
your entire calendar.

Forwarding this invitation could allow any recipient to modify your RSVP  
response. Learn more at  
https://support.google.com/calendar/answer/37135#forwarding
-------------- next part --------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed...
URL: <http://lists.owasp.org/pipermail/owasp-women-in-appsec/attachments/20170620/5302dd73/attachment.html>
-------------- next part --------------
A non-text attachment was scrubbed...
Name: not available
Type: text/calendar
Size: 7498 bytes
Desc: not available
URL: <http://lists.owasp.org/pipermail/owasp-women-in-appsec/attachments/20170620/5302dd73/attachment.ics>
-------------- next part --------------
A non-text attachment was scrubbed...
Name: invite.ics
Type: application/ics
Size: 7618 bytes
Desc: not available
URL: <http://lists.owasp.org/pipermail/owasp-women-in-appsec/attachments/20170620/5302dd73/attachment.bin>

From bevcorwin at gmail.com  Tue Jun 20 17:21:54 2017
From: bevcorwin at gmail.com (Bev Corwin)
Date: Tue, 20 Jun 2017 13:21:54 -0400
Subject: [Women_in_security] Invitation: WIA Monthly Meetings
In-Reply-To: <CAKHF8GGEdbExnnjzFKmu5kYu41BOZ_LB=g-yHrTNF1LsU7Y2QQ@mail.gmail.com>
References: <CAKHF8GEerCu5oiR1X_2XifZEFTi41xebmrE0Wfk+AAMaLDkmFQ@mail.gmail.com>
	<CAOK9xdJfZPNzMXzcb5Yu09B1HC+QGLUajD-NpszkyQh3MyQ3jA@mail.gmail.com>
	<CAKHF8GEbLmf6PO6sF3ob8FPsC-dG+toKQbtRy5FrH1NkKR099A@mail.gmail.com>
	<CAOK9xdJ-uvzngE6tGww5fYzHf5-RfcSif8ij53iNJ3-09QscYA@mail.gmail.com>
	<CAOK9xdJh2im8CMaBWuhe7o1+8aguLUVrVmyJGPneUDBFcbgzag@mail.gmail.com>
	<CAOK9xdJ0eRObGEZWr8MBM35kvgk-iVtRdzSPbH_QKcZ0P8Ak7A@mail.gmail.com>
	<CACH=f5Zeb25pHsxhLdoDLRh4yTDr3asMsZtXu=wxDzQ6dz7B1Q@mail.gmail.com>
	<CANH04d-FBsO+bY-ThvR+tf4m9K6EtYySf0wugRTxV1678gd1Ag@mail.gmail.com>
	<CAOK9xdL3P6DX2As4ygOcHHOy+fkognkTsigsuMtQodnJgrQskw@mail.gmail.com>
	<CANH04d8FQyAqMMY409JPEmjFyRDKMmFCWJMkLgEOEqbn8KYhRQ@mail.gmail.com>
	<CAKHF8GFXi7tw3vSJe=+bKS_fWT2T8zkyL_2duTwU6y6C15DSZw@mail.gmail.com>
	<CAOK9xdLEK_BpbWzO3K6ydQ9gXEGhaHybuRZf+dhyf=g2_9DvRQ@mail.gmail.com>
	<CAKHF8GGEdbExnnjzFKmu5kYu41BOZ_LB=g-yHrTNF1LsU7Y2QQ@mail.gmail.com>
Message-ID: <CAFo9UM=dTaCD9MD9tRrg0xaHoyjt28U4x_uo9GBN8eYbeGmyCQ@mail.gmail.com>

Dear Shruthi,

I've added the WIA discussion list to our conversation email thread. Please
share your ideas with the list so that we can discuss them with other WIA
Committee members. I've also added this topic to the agenda of our next
meeting on Tuesday July 11, 12pm ET (USA). It is posted to the OWASP
Calendar and I hope that you can attend. Thank you.

Best wishes,
Bev


On Thu, Jun 1, 2017 at 12:07 AM, Bev Corwin <bev.corwin at owasp.org> wrote:

> Thank you Shruthi, Sounds good. Looking forward to discussing with you.
> Best wishes, Bev
>
> On Wed, May 31, 2017 at 2:52 AM, shruthi <shruthikamath30 at gmail.com>
> wrote:
>
>> Hi Bev,
>>
>> I had a couple of ideas for owasp specific events to be organised in
>> India. I wanted to discuss in details about the same. I will write a
>> separate email about the ideas.
>>
>
-------------- next part --------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed...
URL: <http://lists.owasp.org/pipermail/owasp-women-in-appsec/attachments/20170620/3a26f540/attachment.html>

From tiffany.long at owasp.org  Tue Jun 20 18:38:12 2017
From: tiffany.long at owasp.org (Tiffany Long)
Date: Tue, 20 Jun 2017 11:38:12 -0700
Subject: [Women_in_security] Invitation: WIA Monthly Meetings
In-Reply-To: <CAFo9UM=dTaCD9MD9tRrg0xaHoyjt28U4x_uo9GBN8eYbeGmyCQ@mail.gmail.com>
References: <CAKHF8GEerCu5oiR1X_2XifZEFTi41xebmrE0Wfk+AAMaLDkmFQ@mail.gmail.com>
	<CAOK9xdJfZPNzMXzcb5Yu09B1HC+QGLUajD-NpszkyQh3MyQ3jA@mail.gmail.com>
	<CAKHF8GEbLmf6PO6sF3ob8FPsC-dG+toKQbtRy5FrH1NkKR099A@mail.gmail.com>
	<CAOK9xdJ-uvzngE6tGww5fYzHf5-RfcSif8ij53iNJ3-09QscYA@mail.gmail.com>
	<CAOK9xdJh2im8CMaBWuhe7o1+8aguLUVrVmyJGPneUDBFcbgzag@mail.gmail.com>
	<CAOK9xdJ0eRObGEZWr8MBM35kvgk-iVtRdzSPbH_QKcZ0P8Ak7A@mail.gmail.com>
	<CACH=f5Zeb25pHsxhLdoDLRh4yTDr3asMsZtXu=wxDzQ6dz7B1Q@mail.gmail.com>
	<CANH04d-FBsO+bY-ThvR+tf4m9K6EtYySf0wugRTxV1678gd1Ag@mail.gmail.com>
	<CAOK9xdL3P6DX2As4ygOcHHOy+fkognkTsigsuMtQodnJgrQskw@mail.gmail.com>
	<CANH04d8FQyAqMMY409JPEmjFyRDKMmFCWJMkLgEOEqbn8KYhRQ@mail.gmail.com>
	<CAKHF8GFXi7tw3vSJe=+bKS_fWT2T8zkyL_2duTwU6y6C15DSZw@mail.gmail.com>
	<CAOK9xdLEK_BpbWzO3K6ydQ9gXEGhaHybuRZf+dhyf=g2_9DvRQ@mail.gmail.com>
	<CAKHF8GGEdbExnnjzFKmu5kYu41BOZ_LB=g-yHrTNF1LsU7Y2QQ@mail.gmail.com>
	<CAFo9UM=dTaCD9MD9tRrg0xaHoyjt28U4x_uo9GBN8eYbeGmyCQ@mail.gmail.com>
Message-ID: <CAOYnQa=L=a+swxsoFJ9=CxG7cZTTtOdpHZwrG7v-HwFBEm-Miw@mail.gmail.com>

Will we not be continuing doodles to pick times?  Doing all of the meetings
in EST is not very open for a world wide org.

Tiffany Long
Community Manager

On Tue, Jun 20, 2017 at 10:21 AM, Bev Corwin <bevcorwin at gmail.com> wrote:

> Dear Shruthi,
>
> I've added the WIA discussion list to our conversation email thread.
> Please share your ideas with the list so that we can discuss them with
> other WIA Committee members. I've also added this topic to the agenda of
> our next meeting on Tuesday July 11, 12pm ET (USA). It is posted to the
> OWASP Calendar and I hope that you can attend. Thank you.
>
> Best wishes,
> Bev
>
>
> On Thu, Jun 1, 2017 at 12:07 AM, Bev Corwin <bev.corwin at owasp.org> wrote:
>
>> Thank you Shruthi, Sounds good. Looking forward to discussing with you.
>> Best wishes, Bev
>>
>> On Wed, May 31, 2017 at 2:52 AM, shruthi <shruthikamath30 at gmail.com>
>> wrote:
>>
>>> Hi Bev,
>>>
>>> I had a couple of ideas for owasp specific events to be organised in
>>> India. I wanted to discuss in details about the same. I will write a
>>> separate email about the ideas.
>>>
>>
> _______________________________________________
> Appsec_usa_women_in_security mailing list
> Appsec_usa_women_in_security at lists.owasp.org
> https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/appsec_usa_women_in_security
>
>
-------------- next part --------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed...
URL: <http://lists.owasp.org/pipermail/owasp-women-in-appsec/attachments/20170620/3f29c0e9/attachment.html>

From bev.corwin at owasp.org  Tue Jun 20 18:50:05 2017
From: bev.corwin at owasp.org (Bev Corwin)
Date: Tue, 20 Jun 2017 14:50:05 -0400
Subject: [Women_in_security] Invitation: WIA Monthly Meetings
In-Reply-To: <CAOYnQa=L=a+swxsoFJ9=CxG7cZTTtOdpHZwrG7v-HwFBEm-Miw@mail.gmail.com>
References: <CAKHF8GEerCu5oiR1X_2XifZEFTi41xebmrE0Wfk+AAMaLDkmFQ@mail.gmail.com>
	<CAOK9xdJfZPNzMXzcb5Yu09B1HC+QGLUajD-NpszkyQh3MyQ3jA@mail.gmail.com>
	<CAKHF8GEbLmf6PO6sF3ob8FPsC-dG+toKQbtRy5FrH1NkKR099A@mail.gmail.com>
	<CAOK9xdJ-uvzngE6tGww5fYzHf5-RfcSif8ij53iNJ3-09QscYA@mail.gmail.com>
	<CAOK9xdJh2im8CMaBWuhe7o1+8aguLUVrVmyJGPneUDBFcbgzag@mail.gmail.com>
	<CAOK9xdJ0eRObGEZWr8MBM35kvgk-iVtRdzSPbH_QKcZ0P8Ak7A@mail.gmail.com>
	<CACH=f5Zeb25pHsxhLdoDLRh4yTDr3asMsZtXu=wxDzQ6dz7B1Q@mail.gmail.com>
	<CANH04d-FBsO+bY-ThvR+tf4m9K6EtYySf0wugRTxV1678gd1Ag@mail.gmail.com>
	<CAOK9xdL3P6DX2As4ygOcHHOy+fkognkTsigsuMtQodnJgrQskw@mail.gmail.com>
	<CANH04d8FQyAqMMY409JPEmjFyRDKMmFCWJMkLgEOEqbn8KYhRQ@mail.gmail.com>
	<CAKHF8GFXi7tw3vSJe=+bKS_fWT2T8zkyL_2duTwU6y6C15DSZw@mail.gmail.com>
	<CAOK9xdLEK_BpbWzO3K6ydQ9gXEGhaHybuRZf+dhyf=g2_9DvRQ@mail.gmail.com>
	<CAKHF8GGEdbExnnjzFKmu5kYu41BOZ_LB=g-yHrTNF1LsU7Y2QQ@mail.gmail.com>
	<CAFo9UM=dTaCD9MD9tRrg0xaHoyjt28U4x_uo9GBN8eYbeGmyCQ@mail.gmail.com>
	<CAOYnQa=L=a+swxsoFJ9=CxG7cZTTtOdpHZwrG7v-HwFBEm-Miw@mail.gmail.com>
Message-ID: <CAKHF8GEQ59J3v+xOm=MAYnFRpHt5K+CA7X-0FScEEsrShgPGeQ@mail.gmail.com>

Hi Tiffany, No, I do not think that it is necessary to repeat the Doodle
Polls since we went through that process and discovered that the current
time works best in multiple time zones. However, I like the idea of adding
another "second best" meeting time and having some kind of rotation. Let's
put your requests for excessive administration activities on a list for the
new WIA leader, when elected, and let them deal with deciding then. For
now, we're doing our best to keep things going in the interim. I do not
have the time, and I doubt that others do either. Best wishes, Bev

On Tue, Jun 20, 2017 at 2:38 PM, Tiffany Long <tiffany.long at owasp.org>
wrote:

> Will we not be continuing doodles to pick times?  Doing all of the
> meetings in EST is not very open for a world wide org.
>
> Tiffany Long
> Community Manager
>
> On Tue, Jun 20, 2017 at 10:21 AM, Bev Corwin <bevcorwin at gmail.com> wrote:
>
>> Dear Shruthi,
>>
>> I've added the WIA discussion list to our conversation email thread.
>> Please share your ideas with the list so that we can discuss them with
>> other WIA Committee members. I've also added this topic to the agenda of
>> our next meeting on Tuesday July 11, 12pm ET (USA). It is posted to the
>> OWASP Calendar and I hope that you can attend. Thank you.
>>
>> Best wishes,
>> Bev
>>
>>
>> On Thu, Jun 1, 2017 at 12:07 AM, Bev Corwin <bev.corwin at owasp.org> wrote:
>>
>>> Thank you Shruthi, Sounds good. Looking forward to discussing with you.
>>> Best wishes, Bev
>>>
>>> On Wed, May 31, 2017 at 2:52 AM, shruthi <shruthikamath30 at gmail.com>
>>> wrote:
>>>
>>>> Hi Bev,
>>>>
>>>> I had a couple of ideas for owasp specific events to be organised in
>>>> India. I wanted to discuss in details about the same. I will write a
>>>> separate email about the ideas.
>>>>
>>>
>> _______________________________________________
>> Appsec_usa_women_in_security mailing list
>> Appsec_usa_women_in_security at lists.owasp.org
>> https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/appsec_usa_women_in_security
>>
>>
>
-------------- next part --------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed...
URL: <http://lists.owasp.org/pipermail/owasp-women-in-appsec/attachments/20170620/5a5462ce/attachment.html>

From owen.pendlebury at owasp.org  Tue Jun 20 19:06:04 2017
From: owen.pendlebury at owasp.org (Owen Pendlebury)
Date: Tue, 20 Jun 2017 20:06:04 +0100
Subject: [Women_in_security] Invitation: WIA Monthly Meetings
In-Reply-To: <CAKHF8GEQ59J3v+xOm=MAYnFRpHt5K+CA7X-0FScEEsrShgPGeQ@mail.gmail.com>
References: <CAKHF8GEerCu5oiR1X_2XifZEFTi41xebmrE0Wfk+AAMaLDkmFQ@mail.gmail.com>
	<CAOK9xdJfZPNzMXzcb5Yu09B1HC+QGLUajD-NpszkyQh3MyQ3jA@mail.gmail.com>
	<CAKHF8GEbLmf6PO6sF3ob8FPsC-dG+toKQbtRy5FrH1NkKR099A@mail.gmail.com>
	<CAOK9xdJ-uvzngE6tGww5fYzHf5-RfcSif8ij53iNJ3-09QscYA@mail.gmail.com>
	<CAOK9xdJh2im8CMaBWuhe7o1+8aguLUVrVmyJGPneUDBFcbgzag@mail.gmail.com>
	<CAOK9xdJ0eRObGEZWr8MBM35kvgk-iVtRdzSPbH_QKcZ0P8Ak7A@mail.gmail.com>
	<CACH=f5Zeb25pHsxhLdoDLRh4yTDr3asMsZtXu=wxDzQ6dz7B1Q@mail.gmail.com>
	<CANH04d-FBsO+bY-ThvR+tf4m9K6EtYySf0wugRTxV1678gd1Ag@mail.gmail.com>
	<CAOK9xdL3P6DX2As4ygOcHHOy+fkognkTsigsuMtQodnJgrQskw@mail.gmail.com>
	<CANH04d8FQyAqMMY409JPEmjFyRDKMmFCWJMkLgEOEqbn8KYhRQ@mail.gmail.com>
	<CAKHF8GFXi7tw3vSJe=+bKS_fWT2T8zkyL_2duTwU6y6C15DSZw@mail.gmail.com>
	<CAOK9xdLEK_BpbWzO3K6ydQ9gXEGhaHybuRZf+dhyf=g2_9DvRQ@mail.gmail.com>
	<CAKHF8GGEdbExnnjzFKmu5kYu41BOZ_LB=g-yHrTNF1LsU7Y2QQ@mail.gmail.com>
	<CAFo9UM=dTaCD9MD9tRrg0xaHoyjt28U4x_uo9GBN8eYbeGmyCQ@mail.gmail.com>
	<CAOYnQa=L=a+swxsoFJ9=CxG7cZTTtOdpHZwrG7v-HwFBEm-Miw@mail.gmail.com>
	<CAKHF8GEQ59J3v+xOm=MAYnFRpHt5K+CA7X-0FScEEsrShgPGeQ@mail.gmail.com>
Message-ID: <CACH=f5YFgi8jsP-mS_enQ_Nfkji4cj0sopZcuo+_JKFX6FcdZA@mail.gmail.com>

Hi All,

The current tune works for me but I think Tiffany is right that there could
be others that cannot attend because of the time. We could be stopping
people from attending.

If we are not going to do the Doodle or change the time, would it be a good
idea to record the meetings for those to catch up, still think we would be
discouraging people from being part of WIA.

Owen Pendlebury @pendo19
OWASP Ireland-Dublin https://www.owasp.org/index.php/Ireland-Dublin
 @AppSecIreland
OWASP AppSec EU Committee/ Training Committee Chair https://2017.appsec.eu
 @appseceu
OWASP Women in AppSec (WiA) Committee

On 20 June 2017 at 19:50, Bev Corwin <bev.corwin at owasp.org> wrote:

> Hi Tiffany, No, I do not think that it is necessary to repeat the Doodle
> Polls since we went through that process and discovered that the current
> time works best in multiple time zones. However, I like the idea of adding
> another "second best" meeting time and having some kind of rotation. Let's
> put your requests for excessive administration activities on a list for the
> new WIA leader, when elected, and let them deal with deciding then. For
> now, we're doing our best to keep things going in the interim. I do not
> have the time, and I doubt that others do either. Best wishes, Bev
>
> On Tue, Jun 20, 2017 at 2:38 PM, Tiffany Long <tiffany.long at owasp.org>
> wrote:
>
>> Will we not be continuing doodles to pick times?  Doing all of the
>> meetings in EST is not very open for a world wide org.
>>
>> Tiffany Long
>> Community Manager
>>
>> On Tue, Jun 20, 2017 at 10:21 AM, Bev Corwin <bevcorwin at gmail.com> wrote:
>>
>>> Dear Shruthi,
>>>
>>> I've added the WIA discussion list to our conversation email thread.
>>> Please share your ideas with the list so that we can discuss them with
>>> other WIA Committee members. I've also added this topic to the agenda of
>>> our next meeting on Tuesday July 11, 12pm ET (USA). It is posted to the
>>> OWASP Calendar and I hope that you can attend. Thank you.
>>>
>>> Best wishes,
>>> Bev
>>>
>>>
>>> On Thu, Jun 1, 2017 at 12:07 AM, Bev Corwin <bev.corwin at owasp.org>
>>> wrote:
>>>
>>>> Thank you Shruthi, Sounds good. Looking forward to discussing with you.
>>>> Best wishes, Bev
>>>>
>>>> On Wed, May 31, 2017 at 2:52 AM, shruthi <shruthikamath30 at gmail.com>
>>>> wrote:
>>>>
>>>>> Hi Bev,
>>>>>
>>>>> I had a couple of ideas for owasp specific events to be organised in
>>>>> India. I wanted to discuss in details about the same. I will write a
>>>>> separate email about the ideas.
>>>>>
>>>>
>>> _______________________________________________
>>> Appsec_usa_women_in_security mailing list
>>> Appsec_usa_women_in_security at lists.owasp.org
>>> https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/appsec_usa_women_in_security
>>>
>>>
>>
>
> _______________________________________________
> Appsec_usa_women_in_security mailing list
> Appsec_usa_women_in_security at lists.owasp.org
> https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/appsec_usa_women_in_security
>
>
-------------- next part --------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed...
URL: <http://lists.owasp.org/pipermail/owasp-women-in-appsec/attachments/20170620/74934bb5/attachment.html>

From bev.corwin at owasp.org  Tue Jun 20 19:26:16 2017
From: bev.corwin at owasp.org (Bev Corwin)
Date: Tue, 20 Jun 2017 15:26:16 -0400
Subject: [Women_in_security] Invitation: WIA Monthly Meetings
In-Reply-To: <CACH=f5YFgi8jsP-mS_enQ_Nfkji4cj0sopZcuo+_JKFX6FcdZA@mail.gmail.com>
References: <CAKHF8GEerCu5oiR1X_2XifZEFTi41xebmrE0Wfk+AAMaLDkmFQ@mail.gmail.com>
	<CAOK9xdJfZPNzMXzcb5Yu09B1HC+QGLUajD-NpszkyQh3MyQ3jA@mail.gmail.com>
	<CAKHF8GEbLmf6PO6sF3ob8FPsC-dG+toKQbtRy5FrH1NkKR099A@mail.gmail.com>
	<CAOK9xdJ-uvzngE6tGww5fYzHf5-RfcSif8ij53iNJ3-09QscYA@mail.gmail.com>
	<CAOK9xdJh2im8CMaBWuhe7o1+8aguLUVrVmyJGPneUDBFcbgzag@mail.gmail.com>
	<CAOK9xdJ0eRObGEZWr8MBM35kvgk-iVtRdzSPbH_QKcZ0P8Ak7A@mail.gmail.com>
	<CACH=f5Zeb25pHsxhLdoDLRh4yTDr3asMsZtXu=wxDzQ6dz7B1Q@mail.gmail.com>
	<CANH04d-FBsO+bY-ThvR+tf4m9K6EtYySf0wugRTxV1678gd1Ag@mail.gmail.com>
	<CAOK9xdL3P6DX2As4ygOcHHOy+fkognkTsigsuMtQodnJgrQskw@mail.gmail.com>
	<CANH04d8FQyAqMMY409JPEmjFyRDKMmFCWJMkLgEOEqbn8KYhRQ@mail.gmail.com>
	<CAKHF8GFXi7tw3vSJe=+bKS_fWT2T8zkyL_2duTwU6y6C15DSZw@mail.gmail.com>
	<CAOK9xdLEK_BpbWzO3K6ydQ9gXEGhaHybuRZf+dhyf=g2_9DvRQ@mail.gmail.com>
	<CAKHF8GGEdbExnnjzFKmu5kYu41BOZ_LB=g-yHrTNF1LsU7Y2QQ@mail.gmail.com>
	<CAFo9UM=dTaCD9MD9tRrg0xaHoyjt28U4x_uo9GBN8eYbeGmyCQ@mail.gmail.com>
	<CAOYnQa=L=a+swxsoFJ9=CxG7cZTTtOdpHZwrG7v-HwFBEm-Miw@mail.gmail.com>
	<CAKHF8GEQ59J3v+xOm=MAYnFRpHt5K+CA7X-0FScEEsrShgPGeQ@mail.gmail.com>
	<CACH=f5YFgi8jsP-mS_enQ_Nfkji4cj0sopZcuo+_JKFX6FcdZA@mail.gmail.com>
Message-ID: <CAKHF8GE1RF_4=tAEKYZ8Hsnb33wi2NZFCRk8q1odG2i+Wgo9CQ@mail.gmail.com>

Hi Owen, Recording meetings is fine. If you would like to set up a Doodle
Poll for the alternate rotation meeting time, we can schedule August
meeting at that time. If not, no problem, you can also start a discussion
on the WIA list, and in any case, regardless, we will discuss and schedule
the next meeting time at the end of each meeting anyway. You may have
noticed it on the Agenda & Notes document. Thank you! Best wishes, Bev

On Tue, Jun 20, 2017 at 3:06 PM, Owen Pendlebury <owen.pendlebury at owasp.org>
wrote:

> Hi All,
>
> The current tune works for me but I think Tiffany is right that there
> could be others that cannot attend because of the time. We could be
> stopping people from attending.
>
> If we are not going to do the Doodle or change the time, would it be a
> good idea to record the meetings for those to catch up, still think we
> would be discouraging people from being part of WIA.
>
> Owen Pendlebury @pendo19
> OWASP Ireland-Dublin https://www.owasp.org/index.php/Ireland-Dublin
>  @AppSecIreland
> OWASP AppSec EU Committee/ Training Committee Chair https://2017.appsec.eu
>  @appseceu
> OWASP Women in AppSec (WiA) Committee
>
> On 20 June 2017 at 19:50, Bev Corwin <bev.corwin at owasp.org> wrote:
>
>> Hi Tiffany, No, I do not think that it is necessary to repeat the Doodle
>> Polls since we went through that process and discovered that the current
>> time works best in multiple time zones. However, I like the idea of adding
>> another "second best" meeting time and having some kind of rotation. Let's
>> put your requests for excessive administration activities on a list for the
>> new WIA leader, when elected, and let them deal with deciding then. For
>> now, we're doing our best to keep things going in the interim. I do not
>> have the time, and I doubt that others do either. Best wishes, Bev
>>
>> On Tue, Jun 20, 2017 at 2:38 PM, Tiffany Long <tiffany.long at owasp.org>
>> wrote:
>>
>>> Will we not be continuing doodles to pick times?  Doing all of the
>>> meetings in EST is not very open for a world wide org.
>>>
>>> Tiffany Long
>>> Community Manager
>>>
>>> On Tue, Jun 20, 2017 at 10:21 AM, Bev Corwin <bevcorwin at gmail.com>
>>> wrote:
>>>
>>>> Dear Shruthi,
>>>>
>>>> I've added the WIA discussion list to our conversation email thread.
>>>> Please share your ideas with the list so that we can discuss them with
>>>> other WIA Committee members. I've also added this topic to the agenda of
>>>> our next meeting on Tuesday July 11, 12pm ET (USA). It is posted to the
>>>> OWASP Calendar and I hope that you can attend. Thank you.
>>>>
>>>> Best wishes,
>>>> Bev
>>>>
>>>>
>>>> On Thu, Jun 1, 2017 at 12:07 AM, Bev Corwin <bev.corwin at owasp.org>
>>>> wrote:
>>>>
>>>>> Thank you Shruthi, Sounds good. Looking forward to discussing with
>>>>> you. Best wishes, Bev
>>>>>
>>>>> On Wed, May 31, 2017 at 2:52 AM, shruthi <shruthikamath30 at gmail.com>
>>>>> wrote:
>>>>>
>>>>>> Hi Bev,
>>>>>>
>>>>>> I had a couple of ideas for owasp specific events to be organised in
>>>>>> India. I wanted to discuss in details about the same. I will write a
>>>>>> separate email about the ideas.
>>>>>>
>>>>>
>>>> _______________________________________________
>>>> Appsec_usa_women_in_security mailing list
>>>> Appsec_usa_women_in_security at lists.owasp.org
>>>> https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/appsec_usa_women_in_security
>>>>
>>>>
>>>
>>
>> _______________________________________________
>> Appsec_usa_women_in_security mailing list
>> Appsec_usa_women_in_security at lists.owasp.org
>> https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/appsec_usa_women_in_security
>>
>>
>
-------------- next part --------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed...
URL: <http://lists.owasp.org/pipermail/owasp-women-in-appsec/attachments/20170620/57997763/attachment.html>

From bil.corry at owasp.org  Tue Jun 20 22:06:10 2017
From: bil.corry at owasp.org (Bil Corry)
Date: Tue, 20 Jun 2017 15:06:10 -0700
Subject: [Women_in_security] Membership List
Message-ID: <CACtAMnNgqO7Jdh2VNuRaPJY1ywJOB+9gOwA1NL6bqd_K=HZwLw@mail.gmail.com>

Hello WIA,

During our call this morning, it was asked where our membership list
resides.  You can find it here:

https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1T7I0FJwfrI-h3XY-iL5URNNeZ-A0wxPTV0nfQHrSZVs/edit?usp=sharing

The attendance came from the meeting notes, so it may not be entirely
accurate (especially the meeting in April, the notes only mention two
people).


- Bil
-------------- next part --------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed...
URL: <http://lists.owasp.org/pipermail/owasp-women-in-appsec/attachments/20170620/c5e0835d/attachment.html>

From bil.corry at owasp.org  Tue Jun 20 22:10:37 2017
From: bil.corry at owasp.org (Bil Corry)
Date: Tue, 20 Jun 2017 15:10:37 -0700
Subject: [Women_in_security] WIA Wiki Page
Message-ID: <CACtAMnMexZ2P4EupXxYtvX3VxE8ZbY1LYUpSBUYy_otif+RJKg@mail.gmail.com>

Hello WIA,

Just a quick note to let you know I started cleaning up the WIA Wiki page.
It contains a link to the membership list I sent earlier, along with the
purpose and scope of the Committee and other relevant information.

It still needs information regarding our upcoming meetings, and probably
other information, but it's a wiki, feel free to contribute!

https://www.owasp.org/index.php/Women_In_AppSec


- Bil
-------------- next part --------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed...
URL: <http://lists.owasp.org/pipermail/owasp-women-in-appsec/attachments/20170620/873c5621/attachment.html>

From bil.corry at owasp.org  Tue Jun 20 22:17:44 2017
From: bil.corry at owasp.org (Bil Corry)
Date: Tue, 20 Jun 2017 15:17:44 -0700
Subject: [Women_in_security] [Action Required] WIA Officer Nominees
Message-ID: <CACtAMnPpVfdNn_ZLfQRuv9=7rhe-E-m59GmQy_UHxfqvPZtz2A@mail.gmail.com>

[Please respond by Friday, June 23.]

The officers of WIA consist of the Chair, Vice-Chair, Secretary, and
Treasurer.  We also need a volunteer coordinator and a media relations
coordinator.

Below are the nominees from a few months ago.  Please review and let me
know if you want to be added or removed for consideration.  I'll move
forward with a vote once we've allowed everyone to put their name forward.

Note that for Chair, Vice-Chair, Secretary, and Treasurer, you must be a
Voting Member.  For the two coordinators, any participating member may fill
the position.

The membership list is here of Voting Members and Participating Members:

https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1T7I0FJwfrI-h3XY-iL5URNNeZ-A0wxPTV0nfQHrSZVs/edit?usp=sharing


















*Chair - Nominees- None- Duties- Open/run the meetings- Put items to vote
and announce the result- Oversee progress of committee activities-
Participates in fundraising activities/sponsorship acquisition- Run doodles
for upcoming meetings - Send out meeting invites- Create an agenda for each
meeting, put out a call to members for agenda items  Vice Chair - Nominees-
Owen Pendlebury - Loredana Mancini - Cathy Hall- Duties- Serve in place of
the chair when the chair is not available, temporarily or permanently-
Confirm and validate results of votes- Help the chair oversee progress of
committee activities- Participates in fundraising activities/sponsorship
acquisition  Treasurer - Nominees- Owen Pendlebury - Cathy Hall- Duties-
Track income and expenses for all committee activities- Report at each
meeting the expenditures and incoming revenue for the month and the balance
of the fund- Check the balance of the WIA budget with the OWASP accountant
quarterly- Participates in fundraising activities/sponsorship
acquisition     Secretary - Nominees- Owen Pendlebury - Cathy Hall- Duties-
Maintain the WIA membership list- Take attendance/minutes at meetings- Post
agendas and meetings- Edit/update committee Wiki page  Volunteer
Coordinator - Nominees- Wendy Istvanick- Owen Pendlebury - Loredana
Mancini- Duties- Recruit new members for WIA/volunteers for specific
events- Schedule/train volunteers as needed- Provides direction and
coordination for volunteers- Plan for retention and replacement- Support in
fundraising activities/sponsorship acquisition- Connect with other local
 active groups in security to create volunteer networking- Maintain lessons
learned in the volunteer recruiting for the different events to improve the
recruiting process- Keep informal/formal contacts with all the volunteer to
be able to reach them in case of new needsMedia Relations Coordinator -
Nominees- None*
-------------- next part --------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed...
URL: <http://lists.owasp.org/pipermail/owasp-women-in-appsec/attachments/20170620/89dd1476/attachment.html>

From bobby at mailchimp.com  Wed Jun 21 02:50:27 2017
From: bobby at mailchimp.com (Bobby Stoskopf)
Date: Wed, 21 Jun 2017 02:50:27 +0000
Subject: [Women_in_security] WIA Wiki Page
In-Reply-To: <CACtAMnMexZ2P4EupXxYtvX3VxE8ZbY1LYUpSBUYy_otif+RJKg@mail.gmail.com>
References: <CACtAMnMexZ2P4EupXxYtvX3VxE8ZbY1LYUpSBUYy_otif+RJKg@mail.gmail.com>
Message-ID: <CAGjeVQvrO3UDyJ3VBOBk39cjeFba2w8hFDa4K53YUXy+ajbHyA@mail.gmail.com>

Who is the admin of the Slack channel? I'd like to get added to it.

On Tue, Jun 20, 2017 at 6:11 PM Bil Corry <bil.corry at owasp.org> wrote:

> Hello WIA,
>
> Just a quick note to let you know I started cleaning up the WIA Wiki
> page.  It contains a link to the membership list I sent earlier, along with
> the purpose and scope of the Committee and other relevant information.
>
> It still needs information regarding our upcoming meetings, and probably
> other information, but it's a wiki, feel free to contribute!
>
> https://www.owasp.org/index.php/Women_In_AppSec
>
>
> - Bil
> _______________________________________________
> Appsec_usa_women_in_security mailing list
> Appsec_usa_women_in_security at lists.owasp.org
> https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/appsec_usa_women_in_security
>
-- 
-bs
-------------- next part --------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed...
URL: <http://lists.owasp.org/pipermail/owasp-women-in-appsec/attachments/20170621/2b251652/attachment.html>

From bevcorwin at gmail.com  Wed Jun 21 04:10:48 2017
From: bevcorwin at gmail.com (Bev Corwin)
Date: Wed, 21 Jun 2017 00:10:48 -0400
Subject: [Women_in_security] WIA Wiki Page
In-Reply-To: <CAGjeVQvrO3UDyJ3VBOBk39cjeFba2w8hFDa4K53YUXy+ajbHyA@mail.gmail.com>
References: <CACtAMnMexZ2P4EupXxYtvX3VxE8ZbY1LYUpSBUYy_otif+RJKg@mail.gmail.com>
	<CAGjeVQvrO3UDyJ3VBOBk39cjeFba2w8hFDa4K53YUXy+ajbHyA@mail.gmail.com>
Message-ID: <CAFo9UM=92b=PPShZtkxjZ2wpF9u_xi441bZY1S=J-vypxTy=tw@mail.gmail.com>

You should be able to automatically join with your owasp.org email address.
I'm not sure who the admin is, maybe Tiffany, Kate or Kelly?

On Tue, Jun 20, 2017 at 10:50 PM, Bobby Stoskopf <bobby at mailchimp.com>
wrote:

> Who is the admin of the Slack channel? I'd like to get added to it.
>
>
-------------- next part --------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed...
URL: <http://lists.owasp.org/pipermail/owasp-women-in-appsec/attachments/20170621/7d665b32/attachment.html>

From bev.corwin at owasp.org  Wed Jun 21 00:21:07 2017
From: bev.corwin at owasp.org (Bev.Corwin@owasp.org)
Date: Wed, 21 Jun 2017 00:21:07 +0000
Subject: [Women_in_security] Updated Invitation: WIA July Call @ Tue Jul 11,
	2017 12pm - 1pm (EDT) (appsec_usa_women_in_security@lists.owasp.org)
Message-ID: <001a1149056e2d9f5305526d588a@google.com>

This event has been changed.

Title: WIA July Call
WIA Meeting Agenda & Notes:  
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1J5KYJdsv2EptsUvyDT-K6cMZtpx0Zu2qz4rbrcumnVI/edit?usp=sharing

WIA GoTomeeting:
Please visit & join the meeting space from your computer, tablet, or  
smartphone.
https://www.gotomeet.me/owasp/wia-1

You can also dial in using your phone.
United States (toll-free): 1 877 309 2073
United States: +1 (571) 317-3129
Access Code: 293-573-101
More phone numbers:
Argentina (toll-free): 0 800 444 3375
Australia (toll-free): 1 800 193 385
Austria (toll-free): 0 800 295891
Bahrain (toll-free): 800 81 111
Belarus (toll-free): 8 820 0011 0214
Belgium (toll-free): 0 800 81385
Brazil (toll-free): 0 800 047 4906
Bulgaria (toll-free): 00800 120 4417
Canada (toll-free): 1 888 455 1389
Chile (toll-free): 800 395 150
China (toll-free): 4008 811084
Colombia (toll-free): 01 800 012 9054
Czech Republic (toll-free): 800 500448
Denmark (toll-free): 8090 1924
Finland (toll-free): 0 800 94507
France (toll-free): 0 805 541 047
Germany (toll-free): 0 800 723 5270
Greece (toll-free): 00 800 4414 3838
Hong Kong (toll-free): 800 968 962
Hungary (toll-free): (06) 80 986 255
Iceland (toll-free): 800 9869
India (toll-free): 000 800 100 7855
Indonesia (toll-free): 007 803 020 5375
Ireland (toll-free): 1 800 946 538
Israel (toll-free): 1 809 454 830
Italy (toll-free): 800 793887
Japan (toll-free): 0 120 663 800
Korea, Republic of (toll-free): 0806150880
Luxembourg (toll-free): 800 22104
Malaysia (toll-free): 1 800 81 6851
Mexico (toll-free): 01 800 288 3856
Netherlands (toll-free): 0 800 022 8381
New Zealand (toll-free): 0 800 47 0011
Norway (toll-free): 800 69 046
Panama (toll-free): 00 800 226 8832
Peru (toll-free): 0 800 54682
Philippines (toll-free): 1 800 1110 1661
Poland (toll-free): 00 800 1213979
Portugal (toll-free): 800 819 575
Romania (toll-free): 0 800 410 029
Russian Federation (toll-free): 8 800 100 6201
Saudi Arabia (toll-free): 800 814 2382
Singapore (toll-free): 800 101 2992
South Africa (toll-free): 0 800 983 867
Spain (toll-free): 800 900 582
Sweden (toll-free): 0 200 330 905
Switzerland (toll-free): 0 800 002 348
Taiwan (toll-free): 00 801 127 474
Thailand (toll-free): 001 800 658 131
Turkey (toll-free): 00 800 4488 23683
Ukraine (toll-free): 0 800 50 0641
United Arab Emirates (toll-free): 800 044 40439
United Kingdom (toll-free): 0 800 031 4744
Uruguay (toll-free): 000 413 598 4110
Viet Nam (toll-free): 122 80 481
  (changed)
When: Tue Jul 11, 2017 12pm ? 1pm Eastern Time
Where: GotoMeeting: https://www.gotomeet.me/owasp/wia-1 (changed)
Calendar: appsec_usa_women_in_security at lists.owasp.org
Who:
     * Bev.Corwin at owasp.org - organizer
     * Tiffany Long
     * Owen Pendlebury
     * zoe.braiterman at owasp.org
     * Jonathan Carter
     * Katherine Cancelado Carre?o
     * wlistvan at thoughtworks.com
     * shruthi kamath
     * bstoskopf at rsglab.com
     * Catherine Hall
     * Silva Arapi
     * colette.chamberland at owasp.org
     * nicole.becher at owasp.org
     * bil.corry at owasp.org
     * Eryza 007
     * loredana.mancini at owasp.org
     * Katya Akinshin
     * appsec_usa_women_in_security at lists.owasp.org
     * wendy at zenone.org
     * swalsh2u at pacbell.net
     * Bev Corwin
     * joy at mangohealth.com
     * Michelle.Simpson at owasp.org
     * sue abd halim
     * Nurul Nadia
     * najo.ifield at outlook.com
     * tanya.janca at owasp.org
     * cindy.cullen at owasp.org
     * nwhysel at owasp.org
     * janine.medina at owasp.org
     * tara.williams at owasp.org
     * niloufer.tamboly at owasp.org
     * elizabeth.belousov at owasp.org
     * daniela.pirrera at owasp.org

Event details:  
https://www.google.com/calendar/event?action=VIEW&eid=NjI0NDh2dGR1djE5ZjJwam9kb283b3A3c2cgYXBwc2VjX3VzYV93b21lbl9pbl9zZWN1cml0eUBsaXN0cy5vd2FzcC5vcmc&tok=MjAjYmV2LmNvcndpbkBvd2FzcC5vcmc1NDlkNTU5NjA2MDg1ZjBjMGJkMzc1OGQ1OTZhOWNjYWQwNDAyN2Jh&ctz=America/New_York&hl=en

Invitation from Google Calendar: https://www.google.com/calendar/

You are receiving this courtesy email at the account  
appsec_usa_women_in_security at lists.owasp.org because you are an attendee of  
this event.

To stop receiving future updates for this event, decline this event.  
Alternatively you can sign up for a Google account at  
https://www.google.com/calendar/ and control your notification settings for  
your entire calendar.

Forwarding this invitation could allow any recipient to modify your RSVP  
response. Learn more at  
https://support.google.com/calendar/answer/37135#forwarding
-------------- next part --------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed...
URL: <http://lists.owasp.org/pipermail/owasp-women-in-appsec/attachments/20170621/e26fc04c/attachment.html>
-------------- next part --------------
A non-text attachment was scrubbed...
Name: not available
Type: text/calendar
Size: 8470 bytes
Desc: not available
URL: <http://lists.owasp.org/pipermail/owasp-women-in-appsec/attachments/20170621/e26fc04c/attachment.ics>
-------------- next part --------------
A non-text attachment was scrubbed...
Name: invite.ics
Type: application/ics
Size: 8605 bytes
Desc: not available
URL: <http://lists.owasp.org/pipermail/owasp-women-in-appsec/attachments/20170621/e26fc04c/attachment.bin>

From stuckinord at gmail.com  Wed Jun 21 14:24:46 2017
From: stuckinord at gmail.com (Catherine Hall)
Date: Wed, 21 Jun 2017 10:24:46 -0400
Subject: [Women_in_security] WIA Wiki Page
In-Reply-To: <CAFo9UM=92b=PPShZtkxjZ2wpF9u_xi441bZY1S=J-vypxTy=tw@mail.gmail.com>
References: <CACtAMnMexZ2P4EupXxYtvX3VxE8ZbY1LYUpSBUYy_otif+RJKg@mail.gmail.com>
	<CAGjeVQvrO3UDyJ3VBOBk39cjeFba2w8hFDa4K53YUXy+ajbHyA@mail.gmail.com>
	<CAFo9UM=92b=PPShZtkxjZ2wpF9u_xi441bZY1S=J-vypxTy=tw@mail.gmail.com>
Message-ID: <CAGzyPD2gqmEii0QB7kPub-x_rxfyMbcVSwNHbmfkyDmmr5y3pQ@mail.gmail.com>

>From a previous thread, this is how I got access

I just signed up here:



https://owasp.herokuapp.com/



I got a link to setup and joined the WIA channel.


Thanks,

Cathy

On Wed, Jun 21, 2017 at 12:10 AM, Bev Corwin <bevcorwin at gmail.com> wrote:

> You should be able to automatically join with your owasp.org email
> address. I'm not sure who the admin is, maybe Tiffany, Kate or Kelly?
>
> On Tue, Jun 20, 2017 at 10:50 PM, Bobby Stoskopf <bobby at mailchimp.com>
> wrote:
>
>> Who is the admin of the Slack channel? I'd like to get added to it.
>>
>>
> _______________________________________________
> Appsec_usa_women_in_security mailing list
> Appsec_usa_women_in_security at lists.owasp.org
> https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/appsec_usa_women_in_security
>
>
-------------- next part --------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed...
URL: <http://lists.owasp.org/pipermail/owasp-women-in-appsec/attachments/20170621/201e5ba1/attachment.html>

From bil.corry at owasp.org  Wed Jun 21 23:07:42 2017
From: bil.corry at owasp.org (Bil Corry)
Date: Wed, 21 Jun 2017 16:07:42 -0700
Subject: [Women_in_security] WIA Wiki Page
In-Reply-To: <CAGzyPD2gqmEii0QB7kPub-x_rxfyMbcVSwNHbmfkyDmmr5y3pQ@mail.gmail.com>
References: <CACtAMnMexZ2P4EupXxYtvX3VxE8ZbY1LYUpSBUYy_otif+RJKg@mail.gmail.com>
	<CAGjeVQvrO3UDyJ3VBOBk39cjeFba2w8hFDa4K53YUXy+ajbHyA@mail.gmail.com>
	<CAFo9UM=92b=PPShZtkxjZ2wpF9u_xi441bZY1S=J-vypxTy=tw@mail.gmail.com>
	<CAGzyPD2gqmEii0QB7kPub-x_rxfyMbcVSwNHbmfkyDmmr5y3pQ@mail.gmail.com>
Message-ID: <CACtAMnM_u57M1=NJ67cJN_6CTi-m7E9QCbYx=5u21iTy4PfcMw@mail.gmail.com>

I added the link to get an invite to the Wiki next to the link to our Slack
channel:

https://www.owasp.org/index.php/Women_In_AppSec#tab=FIND_US

Hopefully that will make it easier for everyone going forward.

- Bil

On Wed, Jun 21, 2017 at 7:24 AM, Catherine Hall <stuckinord at gmail.com>
wrote:

> From a previous thread, this is how I got access
>
> I just signed up here:
>
>
>
> https://owasp.herokuapp.com/
>
>
>
> I got a link to setup and joined the WIA channel.
>
>
> Thanks,
>
> Cathy
>
> On Wed, Jun 21, 2017 at 12:10 AM, Bev Corwin <bevcorwin at gmail.com> wrote:
>
>> You should be able to automatically join with your owasp.org email
>> address. I'm not sure who the admin is, maybe Tiffany, Kate or Kelly?
>>
>> On Tue, Jun 20, 2017 at 10:50 PM, Bobby Stoskopf <bobby at mailchimp.com>
>> wrote:
>>
>>> Who is the admin of the Slack channel? I'd like to get added to it.
>>>
>>>
>> _______________________________________________
>> Appsec_usa_women_in_security mailing list
>> Appsec_usa_women_in_security at lists.owasp.org
>> https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/appsec_usa_women_in_security
>>
>>
>
> _______________________________________________
> Appsec_usa_women_in_security mailing list
> Appsec_usa_women_in_security at lists.owasp.org
> https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/appsec_usa_women_in_security
>
>
-------------- next part --------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed...
URL: <http://lists.owasp.org/pipermail/owasp-women-in-appsec/attachments/20170621/0d045c23/attachment.html>

From bil.corry at owasp.org  Wed Jun 21 23:14:27 2017
From: bil.corry at owasp.org (Bil Corry)
Date: Wed, 21 Jun 2017 16:14:27 -0700
Subject: [Women_in_security] [Action Required] WIA Officer Nominees
In-Reply-To: <CACtAMnPpVfdNn_ZLfQRuv9=7rhe-E-m59GmQy_UHxfqvPZtz2A@mail.gmail.com>
References: <CACtAMnPpVfdNn_ZLfQRuv9=7rhe-E-m59GmQy_UHxfqvPZtz2A@mail.gmail.com>
Message-ID: <CACtAMnPbDu-Xqx13_YRHRU-FNL_vx8Q3BJ=-KoPZF-eHYLgqOw@mail.gmail.com>

A few updates:

1.  So far we do not have anyone running for Chair.  Please let me know if
you are eligible, interested and can make the commitment.

2.  We could use more candidates for the other roles.

3.  I've put the duties on the wiki.  Take a look as I've made two
changes.  The first is moving the responsibility of setting up meetings on
the Vice-Chair, otherwise it felt a bit too light.  The second is adding
duties to the media relations coordinator, which we haven't discussed in
the past, so I made it up, but it was a top-of-my-head effort and could
probably use some editing.  You can read it here:
https://www.owasp.org/index.php/Women_In_AppSec#tab=GOVERNANCE

4. A reminder that you have until Friday to self-nominate.  If you want to
nominate someone else, please get their permission first.

Thanks!

- Bil

On Tue, Jun 20, 2017 at 3:17 PM, Bil Corry <bil.corry at owasp.org> wrote:

> [Please respond by Friday, June 23.]
>
> The officers of WIA consist of the Chair, Vice-Chair, Secretary, and
> Treasurer.  We also need a volunteer coordinator and a media relations
> coordinator.
>
> Below are the nominees from a few months ago.  Please review and let me
> know if you want to be added or removed for consideration.  I'll move
> forward with a vote once we've allowed everyone to put their name forward.
>
> Note that for Chair, Vice-Chair, Secretary, and Treasurer, you must be a
> Voting Member.  For the two coordinators, any participating member may fill
> the position.
>
> The membership list is here of Voting Members and Participating Members:
>
> https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1T7I0FJwfrI-h3XY-iL5URNNeZ-
> A0wxPTV0nfQHrSZVs/edit?usp=sharing
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
> *Chair - Nominees- None- Duties- Open/run the meetings- Put items to vote
> and announce the result- Oversee progress of committee activities-
> Participates in fundraising activities/sponsorship acquisition- Run doodles
> for upcoming meetings - Send out meeting invites- Create an agenda for each
> meeting, put out a call to members for agenda items  Vice Chair - Nominees-
> Owen Pendlebury - Loredana Mancini - Cathy Hall- Duties- Serve in place of
> the chair when the chair is not available, temporarily or permanently-
> Confirm and validate results of votes- Help the chair oversee progress of
> committee activities- Participates in fundraising activities/sponsorship
> acquisition  Treasurer - Nominees- Owen Pendlebury - Cathy Hall- Duties-
> Track income and expenses for all committee activities- Report at each
> meeting the expenditures and incoming revenue for the month and the balance
> of the fund- Check the balance of the WIA budget with the OWASP accountant
> quarterly- Participates in fundraising activities/sponsorship
> acquisition     Secretary - Nominees- Owen Pendlebury - Cathy Hall- Duties-
> Maintain the WIA membership list- Take attendance/minutes at meetings- Post
> agendas and meetings- Edit/update committee Wiki page  Volunteer
> Coordinator - Nominees- Wendy Istvanick- Owen Pendlebury - Loredana
> Mancini- Duties- Recruit new members for WIA/volunteers for specific
> events- Schedule/train volunteers as needed- Provides direction and
> coordination for volunteers- Plan for retention and replacement- Support in
> fundraising activities/sponsorship acquisition- Connect with other local
>  active groups in security to create volunteer networking- Maintain lessons
> learned in the volunteer recruiting for the different events to improve the
> recruiting process- Keep informal/formal contacts with all the volunteer to
> be able to reach them in case of new needsMedia Relations Coordinator -
> Nominees- None*
>
-------------- next part --------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed...
URL: <http://lists.owasp.org/pipermail/owasp-women-in-appsec/attachments/20170621/f8b16c51/attachment.html>

From bil.corry at owasp.org  Thu Jun 22 00:20:26 2017
From: bil.corry at owasp.org (Bil Corry)
Date: Wed, 21 Jun 2017 17:20:26 -0700
Subject: [Women_in_security] Sub-committee work and AppSec USA 2017
Message-ID: <CACtAMnOKtoB9kj1G9tWX8GLt1ce=xw_d5DK_jif8oxmq+WZzSw@mail.gmail.com>

During our call yesterday, there was a question around activities happening
at the sub-committee level and related to AppSec USA 2017

I can't speak to any sub-committee work, as I haven't been a part of any,
but I can speak to the work that I've done on behalf of WIA that may not
have been entirely visible:

1. Crafted the first draft of the WIA purpose and scope.  This was
discussed and edited during one of our calls and the final version is on
the WIA wiki.

2. Worked with Tiffany to get WIA officially recognized as an OWASP
Committee.

3. Created the membership list and I have been maintaining it until a
Secretary can take over the responsibility.  I shared it at a previous
meeting and there's now a link to it on the WIA wiki.

4. Gathering nominations for committee roles.  And I'll be running the
election next week.

5. Edited the wiki to bring it current.  You can see my changes by viewing
the wiki history.

6. Spoke with Emily about ideas for WIA at AppSec USA 2017, which I'll
explain below.

7. Worked with Emily and OWASP Global to have my employer sponsor the WIA
luncheon at AppSec USA 2017.

8. Setup doodle polls and scheduled meetings earlier in the year.

9. Probably other actions that I no longer remember.  I've pitched in to
help here and there when time allowed.

Following up with #6 above, with regard to AppSec USA 2017.  At AppSec USA
2016 (last year), Emily and I spent a few hours at the end of the
conference in person and debriefed what worked, what could be improved in
2016, and how we could "go big" at 2017, e.g. plan a
conference-in-a-conference, offer two days of free training, offer more
mentoring, etc.

I was prepared to start recruiting colleagues and friends to come speak at
AppSec USA 2017 last November.  But we immediately had a problem - we
needed the AppSec USA organizing committee to confirm that we could have a
room for the duration of the conference.  We couldn't start recruiting
speakers and planning an event if there wasn't any space for us.

To this day, the AppSec USA 2017 organizing committee has not confirmed we
have any space at AppSec USA, or at least not to me, and I've asked a bunch
of times.  I believe we space for the WIA luncheon, but that came
second-hand when setting up the sponsorship.

If we have space at AppSec USA 2017, then depending on how large the space
is and how long we have it, we should quickly decide what we want to do.
We can discuss options on the next WIA call on July 11.  It's currently the
first agenda item.  Maybe Tiffany can find out if we have space?

I hope that clarifies the question asked on the last WIA call.


- Bil
-------------- next part --------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed...
URL: <http://lists.owasp.org/pipermail/owasp-women-in-appsec/attachments/20170621/50164e38/attachment.html>

From bevcorwin at gmail.com  Thu Jun 22 01:33:33 2017
From: bevcorwin at gmail.com (Bev Corwin)
Date: Wed, 21 Jun 2017 21:33:33 -0400
Subject: [Women_in_security] Sub-committee work and AppSec USA 2017
In-Reply-To: <CACtAMnOKtoB9kj1G9tWX8GLt1ce=xw_d5DK_jif8oxmq+WZzSw@mail.gmail.com>
References: <CACtAMnOKtoB9kj1G9tWX8GLt1ce=xw_d5DK_jif8oxmq+WZzSw@mail.gmail.com>
Message-ID: <CAFo9UM=JbOcSsnySQRqT40uzgVK2XBWqeKRcvxsY4iW6H3Z5BA@mail.gmail.com>

Hi Bil,

Wow! Yes, you have been one of our most active members. Many of the
activities that you list were also supported by other committee members,
and some, like the spreadsheet were just good things that you did on your
own. Thank you for sharing the long list of things with the committee. We
can go over them, as well as other things that others may have done, too,
in our next meeting. I also reached out to AppSecUSA and heard back from
their main contact organizer who said that they are having a hard time
getting things moving due to lack of local volunteer support. I suggested
that we might be able to find a few dedicated volunteers who could help
organize virtually and offered to have a phone call soon to discuss. If
you, or other WIA members are interested in attending this call, let me
know. I will post the info to the list.

I like your idea of inviting the AppSecUSA organizers to our next WIA
meeting, and I believe that would help open communications. There is an
#AppSecUSA Slack channel. You can see most of the discussion there. Let's
continue to post our activities to the list so that other WIAns can also
support efforts. Thank you and best wishes.

For the space ideas, in the past we had a room for WIAns to drop in during
the conference and spontaneously convene. We also had the mentor reception
and mentor luncheon that were very successful. For other programming, we
also had a diversity panel with men and women working on issues related to
diversity in AppSec. Perhaps we could have a wiki-a-thon to train some WIA
volunteers how to keep up the WIA wiki, and talk about ways to engage more
WIA led activities. At one time there was discussion about creating a
global WIA meetup. I'm in favor of that. Also local chapter WIA events, as
well as regional WIA events throughout the year, not just at AppSecUSA and
AppSec.EU

Sincerely,
Bev


On Wed, Jun 21, 2017 at 8:20 PM, Bil Corry <bil.corry at owasp.org> wrote:

> During our call yesterday, there was a question around activities
> happening at the sub-committee level and related to AppSec USA 2017
>
> I can't speak to any sub-committee work, as I haven't been a part of any,
> but I can speak to the work that I've done on behalf of WIA that may not
> have been entirely visible:
>
> 1. Crafted the first draft of the WIA purpose and scope.  This was
> discussed and edited during one of our calls and the final version is on
> the WIA wiki.
>
> 2. Worked with Tiffany to get WIA officially recognized as an OWASP
> Committee.
>
> 3. Created the membership list and I have been maintaining it until a
> Secretary can take over the responsibility.  I shared it at a previous
> meeting and there's now a link to it on the WIA wiki.
>
> 4. Gathering nominations for committee roles.  And I'll be running the
> election next week.
>
> 5. Edited the wiki to bring it current.  You can see my changes by viewing
> the wiki history.
>
> 6. Spoke with Emily about ideas for WIA at AppSec USA 2017, which I'll
> explain below.
>
> 7. Worked with Emily and OWASP Global to have my employer sponsor the WIA
> luncheon at AppSec USA 2017.
>
> 8. Setup doodle polls and scheduled meetings earlier in the year.
>
> 9. Probably other actions that I no longer remember.  I've pitched in to
> help here and there when time allowed.
>
> Following up with #6 above, with regard to AppSec USA 2017.  At AppSec USA
> 2016 (last year), Emily and I spent a few hours at the end of the
> conference in person and debriefed what worked, what could be improved in
> 2016, and how we could "go big" at 2017, e.g. plan a
> conference-in-a-conference, offer two days of free training, offer more
> mentoring, etc.
>
> I was prepared to start recruiting colleagues and friends to come speak at
> AppSec USA 2017 last November.  But we immediately had a problem - we
> needed the AppSec USA organizing committee to confirm that we could have a
> room for the duration of the conference.  We couldn't start recruiting
> speakers and planning an event if there wasn't any space for us.
>
> To this day, the AppSec USA 2017 organizing committee has not confirmed we
> have any space at AppSec USA, or at least not to me, and I've asked a bunch
> of times.  I believe we space for the WIA luncheon, but that came
> second-hand when setting up the sponsorship.
>
> If we have space at AppSec USA 2017, then depending on how large the space
> is and how long we have it, we should quickly decide what we want to do.
> We can discuss options on the next WIA call on July 11.  It's currently the
> first agenda item.  Maybe Tiffany can find out if we have space?
>
> I hope that clarifies the question asked on the last WIA call.
>
>
> - Bil
>
> _______________________________________________
> Appsec_usa_women_in_security mailing list
> Appsec_usa_women_in_security at lists.owasp.org
> https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/appsec_usa_women_in_security
>
>
-------------- next part --------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed...
URL: <http://lists.owasp.org/pipermail/owasp-women-in-appsec/attachments/20170621/1a9815a6/attachment.html>

From bevcorwin at gmail.com  Thu Jun 22 01:36:33 2017
From: bevcorwin at gmail.com (Bev Corwin)
Date: Wed, 21 Jun 2017 21:36:33 -0400
Subject: [Women_in_security] Sub-committee work and AppSec USA 2017
In-Reply-To: <CAFo9UM=JbOcSsnySQRqT40uzgVK2XBWqeKRcvxsY4iW6H3Z5BA@mail.gmail.com>
References: <CACtAMnOKtoB9kj1G9tWX8GLt1ce=xw_d5DK_jif8oxmq+WZzSw@mail.gmail.com>
	<CAFo9UM=JbOcSsnySQRqT40uzgVK2XBWqeKRcvxsY4iW6H3Z5BA@mail.gmail.com>
Message-ID: <CAFo9UM=z4_yeQg6RZVyVMjome2ygv=MDzPHX8fKmeMeSxx7pJg@mail.gmail.com>

PS: I started a Women in Open Source (WOS) meetup and would be happy to
have it as a WIA meetup, if there is need. Also, happy to hold the first
regional or national WIA event in Brooklyn NY.

On Wed, Jun 21, 2017 at 9:33 PM, Bev Corwin <bevcorwin at gmail.com> wrote:

> Hi Bil,
>
> Wow! Yes, you have been one of our most active members. Many of the
> activities that you list were also supported by other committee members,
> and some, like the spreadsheet were just good things that you did on your
> own. Thank you for sharing the long list of things with the committee. We
> can go over them, as well as other things that others may have done, too,
> in our next meeting. I also reached out to AppSecUSA and heard back from
> their main contact organizer who said that they are having a hard time
> getting things moving due to lack of local volunteer support. I suggested
> that we might be able to find a few dedicated volunteers who could help
> organize virtually and offered to have a phone call soon to discuss. If
> you, or other WIA members are interested in attending this call, let me
> know. I will post the info to the list.
>
> I like your idea of inviting the AppSecUSA organizers to our next WIA
> meeting, and I believe that would help open communications. There is an
> #AppSecUSA Slack channel. You can see most of the discussion there. Let's
> continue to post our activities to the list so that other WIAns can also
> support efforts. Thank you and best wishes.
>
> For the space ideas, in the past we had a room for WIAns to drop in during
> the conference and spontaneously convene. We also had the mentor reception
> and mentor luncheon that were very successful. For other programming, we
> also had a diversity panel with men and women working on issues related to
> diversity in AppSec. Perhaps we could have a wiki-a-thon to train some WIA
> volunteers how to keep up the WIA wiki, and talk about ways to engage more
> WIA led activities. At one time there was discussion about creating a
> global WIA meetup. I'm in favor of that. Also local chapter WIA events, as
> well as regional WIA events throughout the year, not just at AppSecUSA and
> AppSec.EU
>
> Sincerely,
> Bev
>
>
> On Wed, Jun 21, 2017 at 8:20 PM, Bil Corry <bil.corry at owasp.org> wrote:
>
>> During our call yesterday, there was a question around activities
>> happening at the sub-committee level and related to AppSec USA 2017
>>
>> I can't speak to any sub-committee work, as I haven't been a part of any,
>> but I can speak to the work that I've done on behalf of WIA that may not
>> have been entirely visible:
>>
>> 1. Crafted the first draft of the WIA purpose and scope.  This was
>> discussed and edited during one of our calls and the final version is on
>> the WIA wiki.
>>
>> 2. Worked with Tiffany to get WIA officially recognized as an OWASP
>> Committee.
>>
>> 3. Created the membership list and I have been maintaining it until a
>> Secretary can take over the responsibility.  I shared it at a previous
>> meeting and there's now a link to it on the WIA wiki.
>>
>> 4. Gathering nominations for committee roles.  And I'll be running the
>> election next week.
>>
>> 5. Edited the wiki to bring it current.  You can see my changes by
>> viewing the wiki history.
>>
>> 6. Spoke with Emily about ideas for WIA at AppSec USA 2017, which I'll
>> explain below.
>>
>> 7. Worked with Emily and OWASP Global to have my employer sponsor the WIA
>> luncheon at AppSec USA 2017.
>>
>> 8. Setup doodle polls and scheduled meetings earlier in the year.
>>
>> 9. Probably other actions that I no longer remember.  I've pitched in to
>> help here and there when time allowed.
>>
>> Following up with #6 above, with regard to AppSec USA 2017.  At AppSec
>> USA 2016 (last year), Emily and I spent a few hours at the end of the
>> conference in person and debriefed what worked, what could be improved in
>> 2016, and how we could "go big" at 2017, e.g. plan a
>> conference-in-a-conference, offer two days of free training, offer more
>> mentoring, etc.
>>
>> I was prepared to start recruiting colleagues and friends to come speak
>> at AppSec USA 2017 last November.  But we immediately had a problem - we
>> needed the AppSec USA organizing committee to confirm that we could have a
>> room for the duration of the conference.  We couldn't start recruiting
>> speakers and planning an event if there wasn't any space for us.
>>
>> To this day, the AppSec USA 2017 organizing committee has not confirmed
>> we have any space at AppSec USA, or at least not to me, and I've asked a
>> bunch of times.  I believe we space for the WIA luncheon, but that came
>> second-hand when setting up the sponsorship.
>>
>> If we have space at AppSec USA 2017, then depending on how large the
>> space is and how long we have it, we should quickly decide what we want to
>> do.  We can discuss options on the next WIA call on July 11.  It's
>> currently the first agenda item.  Maybe Tiffany can find out if we have
>> space?
>>
>> I hope that clarifies the question asked on the last WIA call.
>>
>>
>> - Bil
>>
>> _______________________________________________
>> Appsec_usa_women_in_security mailing list
>> Appsec_usa_women_in_security at lists.owasp.org
>> https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/appsec_usa_women_in_security
>>
>>
>
-------------- next part --------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed...
URL: <http://lists.owasp.org/pipermail/owasp-women-in-appsec/attachments/20170621/5e018299/attachment.html>

From bil.corry at owasp.org  Thu Jun 22 18:50:31 2017
From: bil.corry at owasp.org (Bil Corry)
Date: Thu, 22 Jun 2017 11:50:31 -0700
Subject: [Women_in_security] [Action Required] WIA Officer Nominees
In-Reply-To: <CACtAMnPbDu-Xqx13_YRHRU-FNL_vx8Q3BJ=-KoPZF-eHYLgqOw@mail.gmail.com>
References: <CACtAMnPpVfdNn_ZLfQRuv9=7rhe-E-m59GmQy_UHxfqvPZtz2A@mail.gmail.com>
	<CACtAMnPbDu-Xqx13_YRHRU-FNL_vx8Q3BJ=-KoPZF-eHYLgqOw@mail.gmail.com>
Message-ID: <CACtAMnNf9gOsZs_eJxLsiAj-bF6OvpkaQ7mCTCpsTTt++GknsQ@mail.gmail.com>

I've added an elections tab to the WIA wiki, which you can view here:

https://www.owasp.org/index.php/Women_In_AppSec#tab=2017_ELECTIONS

It lists the candidates for the upcoming election and the timeline.  A few
key things to note:

1. You have until tomorrow to let me know if you want to be considered for
any of the positions.  The first four positions require you be a Voting
Member, the last two are open to any WIA member.  You can either email me
and I'll add you to the wiki, or you can add yourself to the wiki.

2. I'll send out an email to all Voting Members on Saturday and ask that
they select one candidate per position.  You'll have eight days to respond
with your vote.  At the end of the eight days, I'll tally the ballets and
announce the winners.  In the case of one person winning multiple roles,
they'll pick the role they want, and the runner-up of the other role will
be declared the winner.

3. We only have a single candidate for Chair, and no candidates for the
Media Relations Coordinator.  Consider stepping up!


- Bil



On Wed, Jun 21, 2017 at 4:14 PM, Bil Corry <bil.corry at owasp.org> wrote:

> A few updates:
>
> 1.  So far we do not have anyone running for Chair.  Please let me know if
> you are eligible, interested and can make the commitment.
>
> 2.  We could use more candidates for the other roles.
>
> 3.  I've put the duties on the wiki.  Take a look as I've made two
> changes.  The first is moving the responsibility of setting up meetings on
> the Vice-Chair, otherwise it felt a bit too light.  The second is adding
> duties to the media relations coordinator, which we haven't discussed in
> the past, so I made it up, but it was a top-of-my-head effort and could
> probably use some editing.  You can read it here:
> https://www.owasp.org/index.php/Women_In_AppSec#tab=GOVERNANCE
>
> 4. A reminder that you have until Friday to self-nominate.  If you want to
> nominate someone else, please get their permission first.
>
> Thanks!
>
> - Bil
>
> On Tue, Jun 20, 2017 at 3:17 PM, Bil Corry <bil.corry at owasp.org> wrote:
>
>> [Please respond by Friday, June 23.]
>>
>> The officers of WIA consist of the Chair, Vice-Chair, Secretary, and
>> Treasurer.  We also need a volunteer coordinator and a media relations
>> coordinator.
>>
>> Below are the nominees from a few months ago.  Please review and let me
>> know if you want to be added or removed for consideration.  I'll move
>> forward with a vote once we've allowed everyone to put their name forward.
>>
>> Note that for Chair, Vice-Chair, Secretary, and Treasurer, you must be a
>> Voting Member.  For the two coordinators, any participating member may fill
>> the position.
>>
>> The membership list is here of Voting Members and Participating Members:
>>
>> https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1T7I0FJwfrI-h3XY-
>> iL5URNNeZ-A0wxPTV0nfQHrSZVs/edit?usp=sharing
>>
>>
>>
>>
>>
>>
>>
>>
>>
>>
>>
>>
>>
>>
>>
>>
>>
>>
>> *Chair - Nominees- None- Duties- Open/run the meetings- Put items to vote
>> and announce the result- Oversee progress of committee activities-
>> Participates in fundraising activities/sponsorship acquisition- Run doodles
>> for upcoming meetings - Send out meeting invites- Create an agenda for each
>> meeting, put out a call to members for agenda items  Vice Chair - Nominees-
>> Owen Pendlebury - Loredana Mancini - Cathy Hall- Duties- Serve in place of
>> the chair when the chair is not available, temporarily or permanently-
>> Confirm and validate results of votes- Help the chair oversee progress of
>> committee activities- Participates in fundraising activities/sponsorship
>> acquisition  Treasurer - Nominees- Owen Pendlebury - Cathy Hall- Duties-
>> Track income and expenses for all committee activities- Report at each
>> meeting the expenditures and incoming revenue for the month and the balance
>> of the fund- Check the balance of the WIA budget with the OWASP accountant
>> quarterly- Participates in fundraising activities/sponsorship
>> acquisition     Secretary - Nominees- Owen Pendlebury - Cathy Hall- Duties-
>> Maintain the WIA membership list- Take attendance/minutes at meetings- Post
>> agendas and meetings- Edit/update committee Wiki page  Volunteer
>> Coordinator - Nominees- Wendy Istvanick- Owen Pendlebury - Loredana
>> Mancini- Duties- Recruit new members for WIA/volunteers for specific
>> events- Schedule/train volunteers as needed- Provides direction and
>> coordination for volunteers- Plan for retention and replacement- Support in
>> fundraising activities/sponsorship acquisition- Connect with other local
>>  active groups in security to create volunteer networking- Maintain lessons
>> learned in the volunteer recruiting for the different events to improve the
>> recruiting process- Keep informal/formal contacts with all the volunteer to
>> be able to reach them in case of new needsMedia Relations Coordinator -
>> Nominees- None*
>>
>
>
-------------- next part --------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed...
URL: <http://lists.owasp.org/pipermail/owasp-women-in-appsec/attachments/20170622/8e3ca153/attachment.html>

From bil.corry at owasp.org  Fri Jun 23 18:16:08 2017
From: bil.corry at owasp.org (Bil Corry)
Date: Fri, 23 Jun 2017 11:16:08 -0700
Subject: [Women_in_security] [Action Required] WIA Officer Nominees
In-Reply-To: <CACtAMnNf9gOsZs_eJxLsiAj-bF6OvpkaQ7mCTCpsTTt++GknsQ@mail.gmail.com>
References: <CACtAMnPpVfdNn_ZLfQRuv9=7rhe-E-m59GmQy_UHxfqvPZtz2A@mail.gmail.com>
	<CACtAMnPbDu-Xqx13_YRHRU-FNL_vx8Q3BJ=-KoPZF-eHYLgqOw@mail.gmail.com>
	<CACtAMnNf9gOsZs_eJxLsiAj-bF6OvpkaQ7mCTCpsTTt++GknsQ@mail.gmail.com>
Message-ID: <CACtAMnNLeTTZAD1w6Mm=9_vn2Lm1H_HObJZrN1_WNiowwko3Sg@mail.gmail.com>

Today is the last day to nominate yourself for one of our leadership
roles.  You can see the current list of candidates here:

https://www.owasp.org/index.php/Women_In_AppSec#tab=2017_ELECTIONS

Note that at the request of the two candidates running for the Volunteer
Coordinator, I've split the role into two, one for North America and one
for Europe.  This allows a local person to be in the same time zone with
volunteers.  If anyone is interested in one of those roles, or for another
region, please let me know.


- Bil

On Thu, Jun 22, 2017 at 11:50 AM, Bil Corry <bil.corry at owasp.org> wrote:

> I've added an elections tab to the WIA wiki, which you can view here:
>
> https://www.owasp.org/index.php/Women_In_AppSec#tab=2017_ELECTIONS
>
> It lists the candidates for the upcoming election and the timeline.  A few
> key things to note:
>
> 1. You have until tomorrow to let me know if you want to be considered for
> any of the positions.  The first four positions require you be a Voting
> Member, the last two are open to any WIA member.  You can either email me
> and I'll add you to the wiki, or you can add yourself to the wiki.
>
> 2. I'll send out an email to all Voting Members on Saturday and ask that
> they select one candidate per position.  You'll have eight days to respond
> with your vote.  At the end of the eight days, I'll tally the ballets and
> announce the winners.  In the case of one person winning multiple roles,
> they'll pick the role they want, and the runner-up of the other role will
> be declared the winner.
>
> 3. We only have a single candidate for Chair, and no candidates for the
> Media Relations Coordinator.  Consider stepping up!
>
>
> - Bil
>
>
>
> On Wed, Jun 21, 2017 at 4:14 PM, Bil Corry <bil.corry at owasp.org> wrote:
>
>> A few updates:
>>
>> 1.  So far we do not have anyone running for Chair.  Please let me know
>> if you are eligible, interested and can make the commitment.
>>
>> 2.  We could use more candidates for the other roles.
>>
>> 3.  I've put the duties on the wiki.  Take a look as I've made two
>> changes.  The first is moving the responsibility of setting up meetings on
>> the Vice-Chair, otherwise it felt a bit too light.  The second is adding
>> duties to the media relations coordinator, which we haven't discussed in
>> the past, so I made it up, but it was a top-of-my-head effort and could
>> probably use some editing.  You can read it here:
>> https://www.owasp.org/index.php/Women_In_AppSec#tab=GOVERNANCE
>>
>> 4. A reminder that you have until Friday to self-nominate.  If you want
>> to nominate someone else, please get their permission first.
>>
>> Thanks!
>>
>> - Bil
>>
>> On Tue, Jun 20, 2017 at 3:17 PM, Bil Corry <bil.corry at owasp.org> wrote:
>>
>>> [Please respond by Friday, June 23.]
>>>
>>> The officers of WIA consist of the Chair, Vice-Chair, Secretary, and
>>> Treasurer.  We also need a volunteer coordinator and a media relations
>>> coordinator.
>>>
>>> Below are the nominees from a few months ago.  Please review and let me
>>> know if you want to be added or removed for consideration.  I'll move
>>> forward with a vote once we've allowed everyone to put their name forward.
>>>
>>> Note that for Chair, Vice-Chair, Secretary, and Treasurer, you must be a
>>> Voting Member.  For the two coordinators, any participating member may fill
>>> the position.
>>>
>>> The membership list is here of Voting Members and Participating Members:
>>>
>>> https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1T7I0FJwfrI-h3XY-iL5U
>>> RNNeZ-A0wxPTV0nfQHrSZVs/edit?usp=sharing
>>>
>>>
>>>
>>>
>>>
>>>
>>>
>>>
>>>
>>>
>>>
>>>
>>>
>>>
>>>
>>>
>>>
>>>
>>> *Chair - Nominees- None- Duties- Open/run the meetings- Put items to
>>> vote and announce the result- Oversee progress of committee activities-
>>> Participates in fundraising activities/sponsorship acquisition- Run doodles
>>> for upcoming meetings - Send out meeting invites- Create an agenda for each
>>> meeting, put out a call to members for agenda items  Vice Chair - Nominees-
>>> Owen Pendlebury - Loredana Mancini - Cathy Hall- Duties- Serve in place of
>>> the chair when the chair is not available, temporarily or permanently-
>>> Confirm and validate results of votes- Help the chair oversee progress of
>>> committee activities- Participates in fundraising activities/sponsorship
>>> acquisition  Treasurer - Nominees- Owen Pendlebury - Cathy Hall- Duties-
>>> Track income and expenses for all committee activities- Report at each
>>> meeting the expenditures and incoming revenue for the month and the balance
>>> of the fund- Check the balance of the WIA budget with the OWASP accountant
>>> quarterly- Participates in fundraising activities/sponsorship
>>> acquisition     Secretary - Nominees- Owen Pendlebury - Cathy Hall- Duties-
>>> Maintain the WIA membership list- Take attendance/minutes at meetings- Post
>>> agendas and meetings- Edit/update committee Wiki page  Volunteer
>>> Coordinator - Nominees- Wendy Istvanick- Owen Pendlebury - Loredana
>>> Mancini- Duties- Recruit new members for WIA/volunteers for specific
>>> events- Schedule/train volunteers as needed- Provides direction and
>>> coordination for volunteers- Plan for retention and replacement- Support in
>>> fundraising activities/sponsorship acquisition- Connect with other local
>>>  active groups in security to create volunteer networking- Maintain lessons
>>> learned in the volunteer recruiting for the different events to improve the
>>> recruiting process- Keep informal/formal contacts with all the volunteer to
>>> be able to reach them in case of new needsMedia Relations Coordinator -
>>> Nominees- None*
>>>
>>
>>
>
-------------- next part --------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed...
URL: <http://lists.owasp.org/pipermail/owasp-women-in-appsec/attachments/20170623/c718c6b9/attachment.html>

From bil.corry at owasp.org  Sat Jun 24 16:17:26 2017
From: bil.corry at owasp.org (Bil Corry)
Date: Sat, 24 Jun 2017 09:17:26 -0700
Subject: [Women_in_security] WIA Voting Has Begun
Message-ID: <CACtAMnPOtH5cDXDi0dxEPRfzPT8Pux0gFRYLqSiFm+d5QHDiiA@mail.gmail.com>

Just a quick note, if you are a Voting Member of WIA, your 2017 ballot went
out via email this morning.  If you do not have it, please let me know.

For everyone else, I've posted a copy of the ballot here:

https://www.owasp.org/index.php/Women_In_AppSec#Ballot

Thanks,

- Bil
-------------- next part --------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed...
URL: <http://lists.owasp.org/pipermail/owasp-women-in-appsec/attachments/20170624/c65dd7f5/attachment.html>

From bevcorwin at gmail.com  Sun Jun 25 15:01:54 2017
From: bevcorwin at gmail.com (Bev Corwin)
Date: Sun, 25 Jun 2017 11:01:54 -0400
Subject: [Women_in_security] Fwd: Fw: Upcoming Advanced IHL Trainings
In-Reply-To: <BLUPR04MB292FD3348828CECC60E3528C0DE0@BLUPR04MB292.namprd04.prod.outlook.com>
References: <2d490236b32e10a4f47df412b.df4edc57d3.20170623152439.629debf06b.42c5da34@mail4.atl91.mcsv.net>
	<BLUPR04MB292FD3348828CECC60E3528C0DE0@BLUPR04MB292.namprd04.prod.outlook.com>
Message-ID: <CAFo9UM=2gYY_1_d-7+E=oiZy8jwYhtTL4QCUay3jn0da54Ex+g@mail.gmail.com>

*FYI:*
*Subject:* Upcoming Advanced IHL Trainings:
We are pleased to announce upcoming *IHL Advanced Trainings* in Washington,
DC. Advanced Trainings are short, brownbag style lunch events with expert
speakers presenting a variety of topics in international humanitarian
law. *Cyberspace
and International Humanitarian Law*, led by IHL Legal Advisor Helen
McDermott. Sign up below!


Cyberspace and IHL
Tue, August 22, 2017

International law regulating the conduct of hostilities developed in
response to conventional kinetic weaponry. As virtual technologies become
increasingly prominent in the practice and discourse of armed conflict,
questions arise as to whether, and if so how, the framework of
international humanitarian law applies to operations conducted in and
through cyberspace. Military doctrine now considers cyberspace one of five
interdependent domains through which military forces must be able to defend
and operate just as they have traditionally done in the physical domains of
air, land, maritime, and space. Having said this, conducting operations in
cyberspace continues to present a number of unique operational and legal
challenges. This training will highlight some of these challenges and in
doing so, provide participants with an understanding of how international
humanitarian law applies to cyber operations. We will explore what is meant
by the terms ?cyber space?, ?cyber warfare? and ?cyber attack?, and
consider how *jus in bello* principles of distinction and neutrality might
translate to cyber operations.

Register here.
<http://humanityinwarblog.us13.list-manage.com/track/click?u=2d490236b32e10a4f47df412b&id=8b12e7ccfd&e=df4edc57d3>
-------------- next part --------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed...
URL: <http://lists.owasp.org/pipermail/owasp-women-in-appsec/attachments/20170625/42867753/attachment.html>

