<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<HTML>
 <HEAD>
   <TITLE> [OWASP Media Project] Mark, Would You Kindly Add Aim-Ready-Fire Session, Nov. 20, 10AM to Your Filming Schedule?
   </TITLE>
   <LINK REL="Index" HREF="index.html" >
   <LINK REL="made" HREF="mailto:owasp_media_project%40lists.owasp.org?Subject=Re%3A%20%5BOWASP%20Media%20Project%5D%20Mark%2C%0A%20Would%20You%20Kindly%20Add%20Aim-Ready-Fire%20Session%2C%20Nov.%2020%2C%0A%2010AM%20to%20Your%20Filming%20Schedule%3F&In-Reply-To=%3C52827A85.8060503%40owasp.org%3E">
   <META NAME="robots" CONTENT="index,nofollow">
   <style type="text/css">
       pre {
           white-space: pre-wrap;       /* css-2.1, curent FF, Opera, Safari */
           }
   </style>
   <META http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=us-ascii">
   <LINK REL="Previous"  HREF="000021.html">
   <LINK REL="Next"  HREF="000023.html">
 </HEAD>
 <BODY BGCOLOR="#ffffff">
   <H1>[OWASP Media Project] Mark, Would You Kindly Add Aim-Ready-Fire Session, Nov. 20, 10AM to Your Filming Schedule?</H1>
    <B>Jonathan Marcil</B> 
    <A HREF="mailto:owasp_media_project%40lists.owasp.org?Subject=Re%3A%20%5BOWASP%20Media%20Project%5D%20Mark%2C%0A%20Would%20You%20Kindly%20Add%20Aim-Ready-Fire%20Session%2C%20Nov.%2020%2C%0A%2010AM%20to%20Your%20Filming%20Schedule%3F&In-Reply-To=%3C52827A85.8060503%40owasp.org%3E"
       TITLE="[OWASP Media Project] Mark, Would You Kindly Add Aim-Ready-Fire Session, Nov. 20, 10AM to Your Filming Schedule?">jonathan.marcil at owasp.org
       </A><BR>
    <I>Tue Nov 12 18:59:17 UTC 2013</I>
    <P><UL>
        <LI>Previous message: <A HREF="000021.html">[OWASP Media Project] [Owasp-leaders] AppSecUSA and Media	Project
</A></li>
        <LI>Next message: <A HREF="000023.html">[OWASP Media Project] OWASP Media Project + AppSecTutorialSeries
</A></li>
         <LI> <B>Messages sorted by:</B> 
              <a href="date.html#20">[ date ]</a>
              <a href="thread.html#20">[ thread ]</a>
              <a href="subject.html#20">[ subject ]</a>
              <a href="author.html#20">[ author ]</a>
         </LI>
       </UL>
    <HR>  
<!--beginarticle-->
<PRE>Hi Sarah,

my plan with OWASP Media Project is to promote what I call &quot;2013 best
practices&quot;. Having the videos 2 weeks is really not going well with that
since my objective is to have stuff online by a window of 12 hours.

It's not a big deal but I'll work in the long run so that we are more
agile with medias management. Everything really depends on what
technology Confex uses for recording.

BTW having only the slides and audio is only a minor concern. Content is
still valuable for online publication even if we don't see the speaker.

Still I'll gladly take the recording two weeks after and publish it onto
our official YouTube channel.

Thanks,

- Jonathan


PS: I'm looking for a lavalier mic with 1/8 jack, if by any chances you
have that nearby please send me an email.




On 2013-11-12 13:29, Sarah Baso wrote:
&gt;<i> Jonathan and all -
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> All salon talks will be recorded - meaning an audio recording synced to
</I>&gt;<i> the slides. There is no video recording of the sessions that the
</I>&gt;<i> conference organizera are  doing.  These recordings (audio and slides)
</I>&gt;<i> will be provided to us in finished form by confex about 2 weeks after
</I>&gt;<i> the conference and we can post to vimeo or other (such as you tube).
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> Sarah
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> On Tue, Nov 12, 2013 at 12:11 AM, Jonathan Marcil
</I>&gt;<i> &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp_media_project">jonathan.marcil at owasp.org</A> &lt;mailto:<A HREF="https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp_media_project">jonathan.marcil at owasp.org</A>&gt;&gt; wrote:
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i>     Please note that no live streaming is planned at the event since we
</I>&gt;<i>     can't guarantee bandwidth with the hotel.
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i>     That said, Samantha is trying to find who's in charge of filming the
</I>&gt;<i>     talks in order to help me get the recordings in order to put them on
</I>&gt;<i>     YouTube. As Tom told me, &quot;all salon talks will be recorded&quot;.
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i>     I'll try to join up with Mark to get videos recording for the majors
</I>&gt;<i>     interviews as we discussed, but this must be considered a best effort
</I>&gt;<i>     initiative since we're not dedicated to that task.
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I></PRE>








<!--endarticle-->
    <HR>
    <P><UL>
        <!--threads-->
	<LI>Previous message: <A HREF="000021.html">[OWASP Media Project] [Owasp-leaders] AppSecUSA and Media	Project
</A></li>
	<LI>Next message: <A HREF="000023.html">[OWASP Media Project] OWASP Media Project + AppSecTutorialSeries
</A></li>
         <LI> <B>Messages sorted by:</B> 
              <a href="date.html#20">[ date ]</a>
              <a href="thread.html#20">[ thread ]</a>
              <a href="subject.html#20">[ subject ]</a>
              <a href="author.html#20">[ author ]</a>
         </LI>
       </UL>

<hr>
<a href="https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp_media_project">More information about the Owasp_media_project
mailing list</a><br>
</body></html>
