From webmaster at warnerpacific.edu  Wed Jan 11 17:02:46 2012
From: webmaster at warnerpacific.edu (David Pirolo)
Date: Wed, 11 Jan 2012 09:02:46 -0800
Subject: [Owasp-portland] January Get together
In-Reply-To: <4EEF9070.1090709@vsecurity.com>
References: <CABU9uZgxnrTVyTJoC9BGsWvP-KeJWOdh9+Mr2o5eBExk656=-g@mail.gmail.com>
	<4EEF8C21.1080108@vsecurity.com>
	<CABU9uZjK1irO3DwLgCEMEfdHD0FdoxN8=ss-y1o7RF1-f=W-HQ@mail.gmail.com>
	<4EEF9070.1090709@vsecurity.com>
Message-ID: <1326301366.2734.3.camel@Sirius>

So what was decided about this get together?  What date?


On Mon, 2011-12-19 at 11:28 -0800, Timothy D. Morgan wrote:
> > I wasn't thinking of this as a formal meeting, just an informal get
> > together. I was going to see about interest and then contact Hopworks about
> > maybe getting a room or at least several tables pulled together. If that
> > doesn't work out, I'll find someplace that can accommodate us.
> 
> Yeah, that's cool.  Maybe we should just have folks RSVP to this one and
> then we can give Hopworks an estimate on numbers.  Maybe while we are
> there, we could even scope it out for private meeting space and ask them
> about space for more regular meetings in person.
> 
> I'm going to be traveling in early February, so the best dates for me
> would be the 23rd-27th.
> 
> thanks,
> tim
> _______________________________________________
> Owasp-portland mailing list
> Owasp-portland at lists.owasp.org
> https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-portland



From tmorgan-owasp at vsecurity.com  Wed Jan 11 17:07:13 2012
From: tmorgan-owasp at vsecurity.com (Timothy D. Morgan)
Date: Wed, 11 Jan 2012 09:07:13 -0800
Subject: [Owasp-portland] January Get together
In-Reply-To: <1326301366.2734.3.camel@Sirius>
References: <CABU9uZgxnrTVyTJoC9BGsWvP-KeJWOdh9+Mr2o5eBExk656=-g@mail.gmail.com>
	<4EEF8C21.1080108@vsecurity.com>
	<CABU9uZjK1irO3DwLgCEMEfdHD0FdoxN8=ss-y1o7RF1-f=W-HQ@mail.gmail.com>
	<4EEF9070.1090709@vsecurity.com> <1326301366.2734.3.camel@Sirius>
Message-ID: <4F0DC1C1.4020106@vsecurity.com>

Thanks for bringing this up.  Do you have a preference, David, as to 
when?  We might as well accommodate as many people as we can, so let's 
hear some dates/days of the week people would prefer.

cheers,
tim


On 01/11/2012 09:02 AM, David Pirolo wrote:
> So what was decided about this get together?  What date?
>
>
> On Mon, 2011-12-19 at 11:28 -0800, Timothy D. Morgan wrote:
>>> I wasn't thinking of this as a formal meeting, just an informal get
>>> together. I was going to see about interest and then contact Hopworks about
>>> maybe getting a room or at least several tables pulled together. If that
>>> doesn't work out, I'll find someplace that can accommodate us.
>>
>> Yeah, that's cool.  Maybe we should just have folks RSVP to this one and
>> then we can give Hopworks an estimate on numbers.  Maybe while we are
>> there, we could even scope it out for private meeting space and ask them
>> about space for more regular meetings in person.
>>
>> I'm going to be traveling in early February, so the best dates for me
>> would be the 23rd-27th.
>>
>> thanks,
>> tim

From matthewl at bit-shift.net  Wed Jan 11 21:48:19 2012
From: matthewl at bit-shift.net (Matthew Lapworth)
Date: Wed, 11 Jan 2012 13:48:19 -0800
Subject: [Owasp-portland] January Get together
In-Reply-To: <4F0DC1C1.4020106@vsecurity.com>
References: <CABU9uZgxnrTVyTJoC9BGsWvP-KeJWOdh9+Mr2o5eBExk656=-g@mail.gmail.com>
	<4EEF8C21.1080108@vsecurity.com>
	<CABU9uZjK1irO3DwLgCEMEfdHD0FdoxN8=ss-y1o7RF1-f=W-HQ@mail.gmail.com>
	<4EEF9070.1090709@vsecurity.com> <1326301366.2734.3.camel@Sirius>
	<4F0DC1C1.4020106@vsecurity.com>
Message-ID: <CABU9uZjvkULL6xwG3uXkHY12wxPfxZ-d_-tWPi1VNnUtBhBycw@mail.gmail.com>

Mondays & Wednesdays as well as the 26th is out for me for January. All the
other days should work fine. Do we want to do a pub somewhere in downtown
or close in east side?


On a side note, please mark June 11th on your calendars for a mid-summer
chapter meeting. I've secured Kevin Johnson who is a senior SANS instructor
and teaches the web app pen testing and ethical hacking courses to come
speak at our meeting. The meeting will be taking place on the Nike campus
at one of our conference centers at 6pm. Here is a link to Kevin's LinkedIn
profile if you're curious http://www.linkedin.com/in/kevinjohnson.

--Matthew

On Wed, Jan 11, 2012 at 9:07 AM, Timothy D. Morgan <
tmorgan-owasp at vsecurity.com> wrote:

> Thanks for bringing this up.  Do you have a preference, David, as to when?
>  We might as well accommodate as many people as we can, so let's hear some
> dates/days of the week people would prefer.
>
> cheers,
> tim
>
>
>
> On 01/11/2012 09:02 AM, David Pirolo wrote:
>
>> So what was decided about this get together?  What date?
>>
>>
>> On Mon, 2011-12-19 at 11:28 -0800, Timothy D. Morgan wrote:
>>
>>> I wasn't thinking of this as a formal meeting, just an informal get
>>>> together. I was going to see about interest and then contact Hopworks
>>>> about
>>>> maybe getting a room or at least several tables pulled together. If that
>>>> doesn't work out, I'll find someplace that can accommodate us.
>>>>
>>>
>>> Yeah, that's cool.  Maybe we should just have folks RSVP to this one and
>>> then we can give Hopworks an estimate on numbers.  Maybe while we are
>>> there, we could even scope it out for private meeting space and ask them
>>> about space for more regular meetings in person.
>>>
>>> I'm going to be traveling in early February, so the best dates for me
>>> would be the 23rd-27th.
>>>
>>> thanks,
>>> tim
>>>
>> ______________________________**_________________
> Owasp-portland mailing list
> Owasp-portland at lists.owasp.org
> https://lists.owasp.org/**mailman/listinfo/owasp-**portland<https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-portland>
>



-- 
Matthew Lapworth
http://www.bit-shift.net

We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence then is not an act, but a habit.
  - Aristotle
-------------- next part --------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed...
URL: <http://lists.owasp.org/pipermail/owasp-portland/attachments/20120111/16c9879f/attachment.html>

From clouserw at gmail.com  Wed Jan 11 22:44:15 2012
From: clouserw at gmail.com (Wil Clouser)
Date: Wed, 11 Jan 2012 14:44:15 -0800
Subject: [Owasp-portland] January Get together
In-Reply-To: <CABU9uZjvkULL6xwG3uXkHY12wxPfxZ-d_-tWPi1VNnUtBhBycw@mail.gmail.com>
References: <CABU9uZgxnrTVyTJoC9BGsWvP-KeJWOdh9+Mr2o5eBExk656=-g@mail.gmail.com>
	<4EEF8C21.1080108@vsecurity.com>
	<CABU9uZjK1irO3DwLgCEMEfdHD0FdoxN8=ss-y1o7RF1-f=W-HQ@mail.gmail.com>
	<4EEF9070.1090709@vsecurity.com> <1326301366.2734.3.camel@Sirius>
	<4F0DC1C1.4020106@vsecurity.com>
	<CABU9uZjvkULL6xwG3uXkHY12wxPfxZ-d_-tWPi1VNnUtBhBycw@mail.gmail.com>
Message-ID: <CADJNeDkx5FqPFsOZb2PZ9rODc9DxkDHZPRZvs999sxvQ+QsESA@mail.gmail.com>

Doodle makes organizing this stuff pretty easy.  I threw together a
poll for the last 2 weeks in January.  If you check which days work
for you we can figure out how many people to expect and what days
work:

    http://www.doodle.com/pn7qwy5cr39zyf2w

Cheers,

Wil

On Wed, Jan 11, 2012 at 1:48 PM, Matthew Lapworth
<matthewl at bit-shift.net> wrote:
> Mondays & Wednesdays as well as the 26th is out for me for January. All the
> other days should work fine. Do we want to do a pub somewhere in downtown or
> close in east side?
>
>
> On a side note, please mark June 11th on your calendars for a mid-summer
> chapter meeting. I've secured Kevin Johnson who is a senior SANS instructor
> and teaches the web app pen testing and ethical hacking courses to come
> speak at our meeting. The meeting will be taking place on the Nike campus at
> one of our conference centers at 6pm. Here is a link to Kevin's LinkedIn
> profile if you're curious?http://www.linkedin.com/in/kevinjohnson.
>
> --Matthew
>
>
> On Wed, Jan 11, 2012 at 9:07 AM, Timothy D. Morgan
> <tmorgan-owasp at vsecurity.com> wrote:
>>
>> Thanks for bringing this up. ?Do you have a preference, David, as to when?
>> ?We might as well accommodate as many people as we can, so let's hear some
>> dates/days of the week people would prefer.
>>
>> cheers,
>> tim
>>
>>
>>
>> On 01/11/2012 09:02 AM, David Pirolo wrote:
>>>
>>> So what was decided about this get together? ?What date?
>>>
>>>
>>> On Mon, 2011-12-19 at 11:28 -0800, Timothy D. Morgan wrote:
>>>>>
>>>>> I wasn't thinking of this as a formal meeting, just an informal get
>>>>> together. I was going to see about interest and then contact Hopworks
>>>>> about
>>>>> maybe getting a room or at least several tables pulled together. If
>>>>> that
>>>>> doesn't work out, I'll find someplace that can accommodate us.
>>>>
>>>>
>>>> Yeah, that's cool. ?Maybe we should just have folks RSVP to this one and
>>>> then we can give Hopworks an estimate on numbers. ?Maybe while we are
>>>> there, we could even scope it out for private meeting space and ask them
>>>> about space for more regular meetings in person.
>>>>
>>>> I'm going to be traveling in early February, so the best dates for me
>>>> would be the 23rd-27th.
>>>>
>>>> thanks,
>>>> tim
>>
>> _______________________________________________
>> Owasp-portland mailing list
>> Owasp-portland at lists.owasp.org
>> https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-portland
>
>
>
>
> --
> Matthew Lapworth
> http://www.bit-shift.net
>
> We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence then is not an act, but a habit.
> ? - Aristotle
>
> _______________________________________________
> Owasp-portland mailing list
> Owasp-portland at lists.owasp.org
> https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-portland
>

From matthewl at bit-shift.net  Wed Jan 11 23:29:58 2012
From: matthewl at bit-shift.net (Matthew Lapworth)
Date: Wed, 11 Jan 2012 15:29:58 -0800
Subject: [Owasp-portland] January Get together
In-Reply-To: <CADJNeDkx5FqPFsOZb2PZ9rODc9DxkDHZPRZvs999sxvQ+QsESA@mail.gmail.com>
References: <CABU9uZgxnrTVyTJoC9BGsWvP-KeJWOdh9+Mr2o5eBExk656=-g@mail.gmail.com>
	<4EEF8C21.1080108@vsecurity.com>
	<CABU9uZjK1irO3DwLgCEMEfdHD0FdoxN8=ss-y1o7RF1-f=W-HQ@mail.gmail.com>
	<4EEF9070.1090709@vsecurity.com> <1326301366.2734.3.camel@Sirius>
	<4F0DC1C1.4020106@vsecurity.com>
	<CABU9uZjvkULL6xwG3uXkHY12wxPfxZ-d_-tWPi1VNnUtBhBycw@mail.gmail.com>
	<CADJNeDkx5FqPFsOZb2PZ9rODc9DxkDHZPRZvs999sxvQ+QsESA@mail.gmail.com>
Message-ID: <CABU9uZhPqnqwPqPjhZ72BXuwjHOYKeqo50COQxNGb4tNmRUBuA@mail.gmail.com>

That is a cool little app. Thanks Will!

On Wed, Jan 11, 2012 at 2:44 PM, Wil Clouser <clouserw at gmail.com> wrote:

> Doodle makes organizing this stuff pretty easy.  I threw together a
> poll for the last 2 weeks in January.  If you check which days work
> for you we can figure out how many people to expect and what days
> work:
>
>    http://www.doodle.com/pn7qwy5cr39zyf2w
>
> Cheers,
>
> Wil
>
> On Wed, Jan 11, 2012 at 1:48 PM, Matthew Lapworth
> <matthewl at bit-shift.net> wrote:
> > Mondays & Wednesdays as well as the 26th is out for me for January. All
> the
> > other days should work fine. Do we want to do a pub somewhere in
> downtown or
> > close in east side?
> >
> >
> > On a side note, please mark June 11th on your calendars for a mid-summer
> > chapter meeting. I've secured Kevin Johnson who is a senior SANS
> instructor
> > and teaches the web app pen testing and ethical hacking courses to come
> > speak at our meeting. The meeting will be taking place on the Nike
> campus at
> > one of our conference centers at 6pm. Here is a link to Kevin's LinkedIn
> > profile if you're curious http://www.linkedin.com/in/kevinjohnson.
> >
> > --Matthew
> >
> >
> > On Wed, Jan 11, 2012 at 9:07 AM, Timothy D. Morgan
> > <tmorgan-owasp at vsecurity.com> wrote:
> >>
> >> Thanks for bringing this up.  Do you have a preference, David, as to
> when?
> >>  We might as well accommodate as many people as we can, so let's hear
> some
> >> dates/days of the week people would prefer.
> >>
> >> cheers,
> >> tim
> >>
> >>
> >>
> >> On 01/11/2012 09:02 AM, David Pirolo wrote:
> >>>
> >>> So what was decided about this get together?  What date?
> >>>
> >>>
> >>> On Mon, 2011-12-19 at 11:28 -0800, Timothy D. Morgan wrote:
> >>>>>
> >>>>> I wasn't thinking of this as a formal meeting, just an informal get
> >>>>> together. I was going to see about interest and then contact Hopworks
> >>>>> about
> >>>>> maybe getting a room or at least several tables pulled together. If
> >>>>> that
> >>>>> doesn't work out, I'll find someplace that can accommodate us.
> >>>>
> >>>>
> >>>> Yeah, that's cool.  Maybe we should just have folks RSVP to this one
> and
> >>>> then we can give Hopworks an estimate on numbers.  Maybe while we are
> >>>> there, we could even scope it out for private meeting space and ask
> them
> >>>> about space for more regular meetings in person.
> >>>>
> >>>> I'm going to be traveling in early February, so the best dates for me
> >>>> would be the 23rd-27th.
> >>>>
> >>>> thanks,
> >>>> tim
> >>
> >> _______________________________________________
> >> Owasp-portland mailing list
> >> Owasp-portland at lists.owasp.org
> >> https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-portland
> >
> >
> >
> >
> > --
> > Matthew Lapworth
> > http://www.bit-shift.net
> >
> > We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence then is not an act, but a habit.
> >   - Aristotle
> >
> > _______________________________________________
> > Owasp-portland mailing list
> > Owasp-portland at lists.owasp.org
> > https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-portland
> >
>



-- 
Matthew Lapworth
http://www.bit-shift.net

We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence then is not an act, but a habit.
  - Aristotle
-------------- next part --------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed...
URL: <http://lists.owasp.org/pipermail/owasp-portland/attachments/20120111/40b8aecb/attachment-0001.html>

From matthewl at bit-shift.net  Fri Jan 13 22:06:19 2012
From: matthewl at bit-shift.net (Matthew Lapworth)
Date: Fri, 13 Jan 2012 14:06:19 -0800
Subject: [Owasp-portland] January Get together
In-Reply-To: <CABU9uZhPqnqwPqPjhZ72BXuwjHOYKeqo50COQxNGb4tNmRUBuA@mail.gmail.com>
References: <CABU9uZgxnrTVyTJoC9BGsWvP-KeJWOdh9+Mr2o5eBExk656=-g@mail.gmail.com>
	<4EEF8C21.1080108@vsecurity.com>
	<CABU9uZjK1irO3DwLgCEMEfdHD0FdoxN8=ss-y1o7RF1-f=W-HQ@mail.gmail.com>
	<4EEF9070.1090709@vsecurity.com> <1326301366.2734.3.camel@Sirius>
	<4F0DC1C1.4020106@vsecurity.com>
	<CABU9uZjvkULL6xwG3uXkHY12wxPfxZ-d_-tWPi1VNnUtBhBycw@mail.gmail.com>
	<CADJNeDkx5FqPFsOZb2PZ9rODc9DxkDHZPRZvs999sxvQ+QsESA@mail.gmail.com>
	<CABU9uZhPqnqwPqPjhZ72BXuwjHOYKeqo50COQxNGb4tNmRUBuA@mail.gmail.com>
Message-ID: <CABU9uZjd-Y0tTSbUzwsivFP-2K4O7HpnuW3wq-8mwv1and3nHQ@mail.gmail.com>

Once a day is chosen, will someone call HUB and see about accommodating a
large group?

On Wed, Jan 11, 2012 at 3:29 PM, Matthew Lapworth <matthewl at bit-shift.net>wrote:

> That is a cool little app. Thanks Will!
>
>
> On Wed, Jan 11, 2012 at 2:44 PM, Wil Clouser <clouserw at gmail.com> wrote:
>
>> Doodle makes organizing this stuff pretty easy.  I threw together a
>> poll for the last 2 weeks in January.  If you check which days work
>> for you we can figure out how many people to expect and what days
>> work:
>>
>>    http://www.doodle.com/pn7qwy5cr39zyf2w
>>
>> Cheers,
>>
>> Wil
>>
>> On Wed, Jan 11, 2012 at 1:48 PM, Matthew Lapworth
>> <matthewl at bit-shift.net> wrote:
>> > Mondays & Wednesdays as well as the 26th is out for me for January. All
>> the
>> > other days should work fine. Do we want to do a pub somewhere in
>> downtown or
>> > close in east side?
>> >
>> >
>> > On a side note, please mark June 11th on your calendars for a mid-summer
>> > chapter meeting. I've secured Kevin Johnson who is a senior SANS
>> instructor
>> > and teaches the web app pen testing and ethical hacking courses to come
>> > speak at our meeting. The meeting will be taking place on the Nike
>> campus at
>> > one of our conference centers at 6pm. Here is a link to Kevin's LinkedIn
>> > profile if you're curious http://www.linkedin.com/in/kevinjohnson.
>> >
>> > --Matthew
>> >
>> >
>> > On Wed, Jan 11, 2012 at 9:07 AM, Timothy D. Morgan
>> > <tmorgan-owasp at vsecurity.com> wrote:
>> >>
>> >> Thanks for bringing this up.  Do you have a preference, David, as to
>> when?
>> >>  We might as well accommodate as many people as we can, so let's hear
>> some
>> >> dates/days of the week people would prefer.
>> >>
>> >> cheers,
>> >> tim
>> >>
>> >>
>> >>
>> >> On 01/11/2012 09:02 AM, David Pirolo wrote:
>> >>>
>> >>> So what was decided about this get together?  What date?
>> >>>
>> >>>
>> >>> On Mon, 2011-12-19 at 11:28 -0800, Timothy D. Morgan wrote:
>> >>>>>
>> >>>>> I wasn't thinking of this as a formal meeting, just an informal get
>> >>>>> together. I was going to see about interest and then contact
>> Hopworks
>> >>>>> about
>> >>>>> maybe getting a room or at least several tables pulled together. If
>> >>>>> that
>> >>>>> doesn't work out, I'll find someplace that can accommodate us.
>> >>>>
>> >>>>
>> >>>> Yeah, that's cool.  Maybe we should just have folks RSVP to this one
>> and
>> >>>> then we can give Hopworks an estimate on numbers.  Maybe while we are
>> >>>> there, we could even scope it out for private meeting space and ask
>> them
>> >>>> about space for more regular meetings in person.
>> >>>>
>> >>>> I'm going to be traveling in early February, so the best dates for me
>> >>>> would be the 23rd-27th.
>> >>>>
>> >>>> thanks,
>> >>>> tim
>> >>
>> >> _______________________________________________
>> >> Owasp-portland mailing list
>> >> Owasp-portland at lists.owasp.org
>> >> https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-portland
>> >
>> >
>> >
>> >
>> > --
>> > Matthew Lapworth
>> > http://www.bit-shift.net
>> >
>> > We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence then is not an act, but a
>> habit.
>> >   - Aristotle
>> >
>> > _______________________________________________
>> > Owasp-portland mailing list
>> > Owasp-portland at lists.owasp.org
>> > https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-portland
>> >
>>
>
>
>
> --
> Matthew Lapworth
> http://www.bit-shift.net
>
> We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence then is not an act, but a habit.
>   - Aristotle
>



-- 
Matthew Lapworth
http://www.bit-shift.net

We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence then is not an act, but a habit.
  - Aristotle
-------------- next part --------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed...
URL: <http://lists.owasp.org/pipermail/owasp-portland/attachments/20120113/ff70c121/attachment.html>

From tmorgan-owasp at vsecurity.com  Fri Jan 13 22:18:18 2012
From: tmorgan-owasp at vsecurity.com (Timothy D. Morgan)
Date: Fri, 13 Jan 2012 14:18:18 -0800
Subject: [Owasp-portland] January Get together
In-Reply-To: <CABU9uZjd-Y0tTSbUzwsivFP-2K4O7HpnuW3wq-8mwv1and3nHQ@mail.gmail.com>
References: <CABU9uZgxnrTVyTJoC9BGsWvP-KeJWOdh9+Mr2o5eBExk656=-g@mail.gmail.com>
	<4EEF8C21.1080108@vsecurity.com>
	<CABU9uZjK1irO3DwLgCEMEfdHD0FdoxN8=ss-y1o7RF1-f=W-HQ@mail.gmail.com>
	<4EEF9070.1090709@vsecurity.com> <1326301366.2734.3.camel@Sirius>
	<4F0DC1C1.4020106@vsecurity.com>
	<CABU9uZjvkULL6xwG3uXkHY12wxPfxZ-d_-tWPi1VNnUtBhBycw@mail.gmail.com>
	<CADJNeDkx5FqPFsOZb2PZ9rODc9DxkDHZPRZvs999sxvQ+QsESA@mail.gmail.com>
	<CABU9uZhPqnqwPqPjhZ72BXuwjHOYKeqo50COQxNGb4tNmRUBuA@mail.gmail.com>
	<CABU9uZjd-Y0tTSbUzwsivFP-2K4O7HpnuW3wq-8mwv1and3nHQ@mail.gmail.com>
Message-ID: <4F10ADAA.6000503@vsecurity.com>

I can do that, once we've got it nailed down.  Seems like we only have 4 
people we can get there at the same time, so it probably isn't going to 
be a big deal...

tim


On 01/13/2012 02:06 PM, Matthew Lapworth wrote:
> Once a day is chosen, will someone call HUB and see about accommodating a
> large group?

From tmorgan-owasp at vsecurity.com  Fri Jan 13 22:20:16 2012
From: tmorgan-owasp at vsecurity.com (Timothy D. Morgan)
Date: Fri, 13 Jan 2012 14:20:16 -0800
Subject: [Owasp-portland] SI talks
In-Reply-To: <CABU9uZi3vVqnPH1de-pTfAEHGp6--ykxxuFFPmsdPJdy95QXQw@mail.gmail.com>
References: <4EF3C193.7060409@vsecurity.com>
	<CABU9uZi3vVqnPH1de-pTfAEHGp6--ykxxuFFPmsdPJdy95QXQw@mail.gmail.com>
Message-ID: <4F10AE20.7080900@vsecurity.com>

Hi everyone,

Does anyone else have opinions on this?  I should get back to SI soon 
and nail down the date (probably early March).

thanks,
tim


On 12/23/2011 07:44 AM, Matthew Lapworth wrote:
> My vote is for topics B&C.
>
> Thanks Tim!
>
> On Thu, Dec 22, 2011 at 3:47 PM, Timothy D. Morgan<
> tmorgan-owasp at vsecurity.com>  wrote:
>
>> Hi everyone,
>>
>> In my quest for speakers, I asked Joe Basirico from Security Innovation
>> if he'd like to come down and present for us.  He and his colleagues
>> speak on a number of topics and they sound interested in lending us some
>> of their insight.
>>
>> Here are some of the topics Joe offered to present, in no particular
>> order.  If you don't mind, could you all take a moment to read through
>> these and let us know which 2 topics would most interest you?
>>
>> Thanks!
>> tim
>>
>>
>>
>> A) Business in the Cloud: Mitigating Risk
>> =========================================
>> The cloud is a fundamental paradigm shift from our current or past
>> thinking about scalable architecture and security. It?s a cost-effective
>> way to provide maximum mobility and accessibility for your customers,
>> but there are security tradeoffs: less control of data, new
>> vulnerability classes, and compliance challenges. However, if managed
>> properly, these risks can be mitigated.  This presentation will discuss
>> the challenges of cloud computing, demonstrate how to build a secure and
>> redundant system, and touch upon real-world examples of cloud computing
>> gone bad. Topics include:
>>
>> * Pros and cons of cloud computing
>> * Trust - is it there when you need it to be? Amazon case study
>> * Security controls
>> * Securing applications in the cloud
>> * Redundancy - yes, we still need to think about it. Netflix case study
>> * The murky waters of compliance: PCI, GLBA, SAS 70, HIPAA, etc
>>
>>
>> B) Attacker Techniques: Uncut&  Uncensored
>> ==========================================
>> The security decisions made in each phase software development have a
>> cascading effect (both positive and negative) in subsequent phases. And
>> those decisions can make it a lot easier or harder for an attacker to
>> penetrate security measure.  This interactive session, hosted by a
>> software security expert, will shed light on today?s most pervasive
>> security flaws like injection and overflows - and the ease with which
>> they can be exploited, as seen in the recent attacks against Sony
>> PlayStation Network.
>>
>> Using automated tools, manual techniques, and software applications
>> custom-built for this demonstration, the host will show how an attacker
>> views an application, looks for clues and vulnerabilities, and
>> ultimately exploits these weaknesses For each attack scenario, he will
>> discuss the underlying flaw, exploit, vulnerability and consequence, and
>> encourage attendee participation.
>>
>>
>> C) Security Debate: Source Code Scanning or Web Application Scanning?
>> =====================================================================
>> Source code reviews are helpful in finding many known dangerous
>> functions and structures in code. Web scanning provides insight into
>> as-deployed Web applications. Individually, each technique provides a
>> unique and targeted window into true security, but combining the two can
>> yield amazing results. This presentation will describe the process of
>> synergistically using tools like source code scanners along with web
>> application scanners to dramatically reduce costs and harden your web
>> applications
>>
>> Topics covered:
>> * When should testing be done: during development or post-deployment?
>> * Automated vs. manual efforts ? each has its time and place, but what
>> is the optimal mix?
>> * Debate: the pros and cons of black box vs. white box testing
>> * Best practices for source code scanning and web application scanning
>>
>>
>> D) Fragile Relics: Securing Legacy Applications
>> ===============================================
>> Legacy applications are often like Wonders of the Ancient World - nobody
>> can quite explain how exactly they came to be ... and surely nobody
>> knows how to secure them properly. And a lot of legacy applications are
>> rewritten or re-wrapped in new code in attempts to improve
>> interoperability and functionality. New platforms like Service-Oriented
>> Architectures (SOA) and development techniques like AJAX presents a
>> great opportunity to give a fresh look to the application development
>> and management process of legacy applications and introduce
>> security-specific principles early in the process. This talk will guide
>> you through best practices in making mission-critical legacy
>> applications secure using today's latest techniques and technologies.
>>
>> This talk will walk through several business cases of companies who
>> built service-oriented architectures using the latest tools and methods
>> with a specific mind toward securing their mission-critical legacy
>> applications in the process. We will discuss their decision processes
>> and analyze their choices of SOA, encryption, outsourcing,
>> authentication, threat modeling, and SDLC best practices.
>>
>>
>> E) Finding your Inner Evildoer for Successful Security Testing
>> ==============================================================
>> Typically, a seasoned tester that can hunt down functional bugs in the
>> oddest of places does not make the transition to security testing very
>> easily. This presentation will discuss the three tenants of a great
>> security tester: Hearing Evil, Seeing Evil, and Doing Evil:
>>
>> * Hearing Evil - the ability to absorb a massive amount of security
>> knowledge and immediately and effectively apply it to their daily
>> testing lives. Testers with this ability can draw upon years of
>> experience and testing history to detect when things are out of place or
>> where the deep interesting security bugs reside.
>>
>> * Seeing evil - visualizing the system in the mind?s eye. Any great
>> security tester can use his or her imagination to visualize what is
>> occurring in the various components of a system that we do not have
>> access to. This imagination leads to deep understanding of how the
>> system is structured and allows the tester to visualize opportunities
>> for exploitation well below the surface.
>>
>> * Doing evil - the ability for a security tester to figure out ways to
>> replicate an attacker?s master plan and execute on it themselves.
>> Thinking like an attacker isn?t enough - fully securing a system or
>> application requires surgical execution of a master attack plan.
>>
>>
>> F) I'm the Optimist
>> ===================
>> Despite nearly every metric by which we can measure the overall security
>> as an industry we're getting worse. How can we continue to feel good
>> about software in general. Talk about CAs, SSL, DNSSEC, etc., security
>> bug trends, disclosure, large scales software and small scale software,
>> and privacy. For each of these things talk about how developers need to
>> step up, but it's not an insurmountable problem.
>>
>> _______________________________________________
>> Owasp-portland mailing list
>> Owasp-portland at lists.owasp.org
>> https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-portland
>>
>
>
>


From webmaster at warnerpacific.edu  Fri Jan 13 23:54:29 2012
From: webmaster at warnerpacific.edu (David Pirolo)
Date: Fri, 13 Jan 2012 15:54:29 -0800
Subject: [Owasp-portland] SI talks
In-Reply-To: <4F10AE20.7080900@vsecurity.com>
References: <4EF3C193.7060409@vsecurity.com>
	<CABU9uZi3vVqnPH1de-pTfAEHGp6--ykxxuFFPmsdPJdy95QXQw@mail.gmail.com>
	<4F10AE20.7080900@vsecurity.com>
Message-ID: <1326498869.2480.48.camel@Sirius>

I'm always up for a good security conversation.   B, C, E or F


On Fri, 2012-01-13 at 14:20 -0800, Timothy D. Morgan wrote:
> Hi everyone,
> 
> Does anyone else have opinions on this?  I should get back to SI soon 
> and nail down the date (probably early March).
> 
> thanks,
> tim
> 
> 
> On 12/23/2011 07:44 AM, Matthew Lapworth wrote:
> > My vote is for topics B&C.
> >
> > Thanks Tim!
> >
> > On Thu, Dec 22, 2011 at 3:47 PM, Timothy D. Morgan<
> > tmorgan-owasp at vsecurity.com>  wrote:
> >
> >> Hi everyone,
> >>
> >> In my quest for speakers, I asked Joe Basirico from Security Innovation
> >> if he'd like to come down and present for us.  He and his colleagues
> >> speak on a number of topics and they sound interested in lending us some
> >> of their insight.
> >>
> >> Here are some of the topics Joe offered to present, in no particular
> >> order.  If you don't mind, could you all take a moment to read through
> >> these and let us know which 2 topics would most interest you?
> >>
> >> Thanks!
> >> tim
> >>
> >>
> >>
> >> A) Business in the Cloud: Mitigating Risk
> >> =========================================
> >> The cloud is a fundamental paradigm shift from our current or past
> >> thinking about scalable architecture and security. It?s a cost-effective
> >> way to provide maximum mobility and accessibility for your customers,
> >> but there are security tradeoffs: less control of data, new
> >> vulnerability classes, and compliance challenges. However, if managed
> >> properly, these risks can be mitigated.  This presentation will discuss
> >> the challenges of cloud computing, demonstrate how to build a secure and
> >> redundant system, and touch upon real-world examples of cloud computing
> >> gone bad. Topics include:
> >>
> >> * Pros and cons of cloud computing
> >> * Trust - is it there when you need it to be? Amazon case study
> >> * Security controls
> >> * Securing applications in the cloud
> >> * Redundancy - yes, we still need to think about it. Netflix case study
> >> * The murky waters of compliance: PCI, GLBA, SAS 70, HIPAA, etc
> >>
> >>
> >> B) Attacker Techniques: Uncut&  Uncensored
> >> ==========================================
> >> The security decisions made in each phase software development have a
> >> cascading effect (both positive and negative) in subsequent phases. And
> >> those decisions can make it a lot easier or harder for an attacker to
> >> penetrate security measure.  This interactive session, hosted by a
> >> software security expert, will shed light on today?s most pervasive
> >> security flaws like injection and overflows - and the ease with which
> >> they can be exploited, as seen in the recent attacks against Sony
> >> PlayStation Network.
> >>
> >> Using automated tools, manual techniques, and software applications
> >> custom-built for this demonstration, the host will show how an attacker
> >> views an application, looks for clues and vulnerabilities, and
> >> ultimately exploits these weaknesses For each attack scenario, he will
> >> discuss the underlying flaw, exploit, vulnerability and consequence, and
> >> encourage attendee participation.
> >>
> >>
> >> C) Security Debate: Source Code Scanning or Web Application Scanning?
> >> =====================================================================
> >> Source code reviews are helpful in finding many known dangerous
> >> functions and structures in code. Web scanning provides insight into
> >> as-deployed Web applications. Individually, each technique provides a
> >> unique and targeted window into true security, but combining the two can
> >> yield amazing results. This presentation will describe the process of
> >> synergistically using tools like source code scanners along with web
> >> application scanners to dramatically reduce costs and harden your web
> >> applications
> >>
> >> Topics covered:
> >> * When should testing be done: during development or post-deployment?
> >> * Automated vs. manual efforts ? each has its time and place, but what
> >> is the optimal mix?
> >> * Debate: the pros and cons of black box vs. white box testing
> >> * Best practices for source code scanning and web application scanning
> >>
> >>
> >> D) Fragile Relics: Securing Legacy Applications
> >> ===============================================
> >> Legacy applications are often like Wonders of the Ancient World - nobody
> >> can quite explain how exactly they came to be ... and surely nobody
> >> knows how to secure them properly. And a lot of legacy applications are
> >> rewritten or re-wrapped in new code in attempts to improve
> >> interoperability and functionality. New platforms like Service-Oriented
> >> Architectures (SOA) and development techniques like AJAX presents a
> >> great opportunity to give a fresh look to the application development
> >> and management process of legacy applications and introduce
> >> security-specific principles early in the process. This talk will guide
> >> you through best practices in making mission-critical legacy
> >> applications secure using today's latest techniques and technologies.
> >>
> >> This talk will walk through several business cases of companies who
> >> built service-oriented architectures using the latest tools and methods
> >> with a specific mind toward securing their mission-critical legacy
> >> applications in the process. We will discuss their decision processes
> >> and analyze their choices of SOA, encryption, outsourcing,
> >> authentication, threat modeling, and SDLC best practices.
> >>
> >>
> >> E) Finding your Inner Evildoer for Successful Security Testing
> >> ==============================================================
> >> Typically, a seasoned tester that can hunt down functional bugs in the
> >> oddest of places does not make the transition to security testing very
> >> easily. This presentation will discuss the three tenants of a great
> >> security tester: Hearing Evil, Seeing Evil, and Doing Evil:
> >>
> >> * Hearing Evil - the ability to absorb a massive amount of security
> >> knowledge and immediately and effectively apply it to their daily
> >> testing lives. Testers with this ability can draw upon years of
> >> experience and testing history to detect when things are out of place or
> >> where the deep interesting security bugs reside.
> >>
> >> * Seeing evil - visualizing the system in the mind?s eye. Any great
> >> security tester can use his or her imagination to visualize what is
> >> occurring in the various components of a system that we do not have
> >> access to. This imagination leads to deep understanding of how the
> >> system is structured and allows the tester to visualize opportunities
> >> for exploitation well below the surface.
> >>
> >> * Doing evil - the ability for a security tester to figure out ways to
> >> replicate an attacker?s master plan and execute on it themselves.
> >> Thinking like an attacker isn?t enough - fully securing a system or
> >> application requires surgical execution of a master attack plan.
> >>
> >>
> >> F) I'm the Optimist
> >> ===================
> >> Despite nearly every metric by which we can measure the overall security
> >> as an industry we're getting worse. How can we continue to feel good
> >> about software in general. Talk about CAs, SSL, DNSSEC, etc., security
> >> bug trends, disclosure, large scales software and small scale software,
> >> and privacy. For each of these things talk about how developers need to
> >> step up, but it's not an insurmountable problem.
> >>
> >> _______________________________________________
> >> Owasp-portland mailing list
> >> Owasp-portland at lists.owasp.org
> >> https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-portland
> >>
> >
> >
> >
> 
> _______________________________________________
> Owasp-portland mailing list
> Owasp-portland at lists.owasp.org
> https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-portland



From tmorgan-owasp at vsecurity.com  Tue Jan 17 00:06:58 2012
From: tmorgan-owasp at vsecurity.com (Timothy D. Morgan)
Date: Mon, 16 Jan 2012 16:06:58 -0800
Subject: [Owasp-portland] January Get together
In-Reply-To: <CADRfNKax8zv5pwYTjccoqV9QPmcw=GphgLcWcVG_mDKDTM1LFQ@mail.gmail.com>
References: <CABU9uZgxnrTVyTJoC9BGsWvP-KeJWOdh9+Mr2o5eBExk656=-g@mail.gmail.com>
	<4EEF8C21.1080108@vsecurity.com>
	<CABU9uZjK1irO3DwLgCEMEfdHD0FdoxN8=ss-y1o7RF1-f=W-HQ@mail.gmail.com>
	<4EEF9070.1090709@vsecurity.com> <1326301366.2734.3.camel@Sirius>
	<4F0DC1C1.4020106@vsecurity.com>
	<CABU9uZjvkULL6xwG3uXkHY12wxPfxZ-d_-tWPi1VNnUtBhBycw@mail.gmail.com>
	<CADJNeDkx5FqPFsOZb2PZ9rODc9DxkDHZPRZvs999sxvQ+QsESA@mail.gmail.com>
	<CABU9uZhPqnqwPqPjhZ72BXuwjHOYKeqo50COQxNGb4tNmRUBuA@mail.gmail.com>
	<CABU9uZjd-Y0tTSbUzwsivFP-2K4O7HpnuW3wq-8mwv1and3nHQ@mail.gmail.com>
	<4F10ADAA.6000503@vsecurity.com>
	<CADRfNKax8zv5pwYTjccoqV9QPmcw=GphgLcWcVG_mDKDTM1LFQ@mail.gmail.com>
Message-ID: <4F14BBA2.7060702@vsecurity.com>


I see no additional names on the calendar.  Should we wait longer?  The 
24th and 27th are tied at 4 people.  I personally would prefer the 24th.

tim

From matthewl at bit-shift.net  Tue Jan 17 00:08:55 2012
From: matthewl at bit-shift.net (Matthew Lapworth)
Date: Mon, 16 Jan 2012 16:08:55 -0800
Subject: [Owasp-portland] January Get together
In-Reply-To: <4F14BBA2.7060702@vsecurity.com>
References: <CABU9uZgxnrTVyTJoC9BGsWvP-KeJWOdh9+Mr2o5eBExk656=-g@mail.gmail.com>
	<4EEF8C21.1080108@vsecurity.com>
	<CABU9uZjK1irO3DwLgCEMEfdHD0FdoxN8=ss-y1o7RF1-f=W-HQ@mail.gmail.com>
	<4EEF9070.1090709@vsecurity.com> <1326301366.2734.3.camel@Sirius>
	<4F0DC1C1.4020106@vsecurity.com>
	<CABU9uZjvkULL6xwG3uXkHY12wxPfxZ-d_-tWPi1VNnUtBhBycw@mail.gmail.com>
	<CADJNeDkx5FqPFsOZb2PZ9rODc9DxkDHZPRZvs999sxvQ+QsESA@mail.gmail.com>
	<CABU9uZhPqnqwPqPjhZ72BXuwjHOYKeqo50COQxNGb4tNmRUBuA@mail.gmail.com>
	<CABU9uZjd-Y0tTSbUzwsivFP-2K4O7HpnuW3wq-8mwv1and3nHQ@mail.gmail.com>
	<4F10ADAA.6000503@vsecurity.com>
	<CADRfNKax8zv5pwYTjccoqV9QPmcw=GphgLcWcVG_mDKDTM1LFQ@mail.gmail.com>
	<4F14BBA2.7060702@vsecurity.com>
Message-ID: <CABU9uZhwiMj62fPa36pBk6GpU5LQAmNtGnQXTDeLLq8epa2_vQ@mail.gmail.com>

The 24th works best for me as well.
On Jan 16, 2012 4:07 PM, "Timothy D. Morgan" <tmorgan-owasp at vsecurity.com>
wrote:

>
> I see no additional names on the calendar.  Should we wait longer?  The
> 24th and 27th are tied at 4 people.  I personally would prefer the 24th.
>
> tim
> ______________________________**_________________
> Owasp-portland mailing list
> Owasp-portland at lists.owasp.org
> https://lists.owasp.org/**mailman/listinfo/owasp-**portland<https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-portland>
>
-------------- next part --------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed...
URL: <http://lists.owasp.org/pipermail/owasp-portland/attachments/20120116/10d85555/attachment.html>

From tmorgan-owasp at vsecurity.com  Tue Jan 17 16:36:19 2012
From: tmorgan-owasp at vsecurity.com (Timothy D. Morgan)
Date: Tue, 17 Jan 2012 08:36:19 -0800
Subject: [Owasp-portland] January Get together
In-Reply-To: <3AFD9841-A5A3-4A10-8514-DD00A54A6114@warnerpacific.edu>
References: <CABU9uZgxnrTVyTJoC9BGsWvP-KeJWOdh9+Mr2o5eBExk656=-g@mail.gmail.com>
	<4EEF8C21.1080108@vsecurity.com>
	<CABU9uZjK1irO3DwLgCEMEfdHD0FdoxN8=ss-y1o7RF1-f=W-HQ@mail.gmail.com>
	<4EEF9070.1090709@vsecurity.com> <1326301366.2734.3.camel@Sirius>
	<4F0DC1C1.4020106@vsecurity.com>
	<CABU9uZjvkULL6xwG3uXkHY12wxPfxZ-d_-tWPi1VNnUtBhBycw@mail.gmail.com>
	<CADJNeDkx5FqPFsOZb2PZ9rODc9DxkDHZPRZvs999sxvQ+QsESA@mail.gmail.com>
	<CABU9uZhPqnqwPqPjhZ72BXuwjHOYKeqo50COQxNGb4tNmRUBuA@mail.gmail.com>
	<CABU9uZjd-Y0tTSbUzwsivFP-2K4O7HpnuW3wq-8mwv1and3nHQ@mail.gmail.com>
	<4F10ADAA.6000503@vsecurity.com>
	<CADRfNKax8zv5pwYTjccoqV9QPmcw=GphgLcWcVG_mDKDTM1LFQ@mail.gmail.com>
	<4F14BBA2.7060702@vsecurity.com>
	<3AFD9841-A5A3-4A10-8514-DD00A54A6114@warnerpacific.edu>
Message-ID: <4F15A383.4070108@vsecurity.com>

Ok, let's do the 24th then.  Is 6pm ok for everyone?  I'm fine with 
doing it a bit later as well.  I just want to get it nailed down so I 
can advertise a bit outside of this list.

cheers,
tim

From matthewl at bit-shift.net  Tue Jan 17 16:37:17 2012
From: matthewl at bit-shift.net (Matthew Lapworth)
Date: Tue, 17 Jan 2012 08:37:17 -0800
Subject: [Owasp-portland] January Get together
In-Reply-To: <4F15A383.4070108@vsecurity.com>
References: <CABU9uZgxnrTVyTJoC9BGsWvP-KeJWOdh9+Mr2o5eBExk656=-g@mail.gmail.com>
	<4EEF8C21.1080108@vsecurity.com>
	<CABU9uZjK1irO3DwLgCEMEfdHD0FdoxN8=ss-y1o7RF1-f=W-HQ@mail.gmail.com>
	<4EEF9070.1090709@vsecurity.com> <1326301366.2734.3.camel@Sirius>
	<4F0DC1C1.4020106@vsecurity.com>
	<CABU9uZjvkULL6xwG3uXkHY12wxPfxZ-d_-tWPi1VNnUtBhBycw@mail.gmail.com>
	<CADJNeDkx5FqPFsOZb2PZ9rODc9DxkDHZPRZvs999sxvQ+QsESA@mail.gmail.com>
	<CABU9uZhPqnqwPqPjhZ72BXuwjHOYKeqo50COQxNGb4tNmRUBuA@mail.gmail.com>
	<CABU9uZjd-Y0tTSbUzwsivFP-2K4O7HpnuW3wq-8mwv1and3nHQ@mail.gmail.com>
	<4F10ADAA.6000503@vsecurity.com>
	<CADRfNKax8zv5pwYTjccoqV9QPmcw=GphgLcWcVG_mDKDTM1LFQ@mail.gmail.com>
	<4F14BBA2.7060702@vsecurity.com>
	<3AFD9841-A5A3-4A10-8514-DD00A54A6114@warnerpacific.edu>
	<4F15A383.4070108@vsecurity.com>
Message-ID: <CABU9uZj8j9JysKHYkSxKWMTepc==aqwVVMoORnH=Q73ww+i5JA@mail.gmail.com>

Works for me.

On Tue, Jan 17, 2012 at 8:36 AM, Timothy D. Morgan <
tmorgan-owasp at vsecurity.com> wrote:

> Ok, let's do the 24th then.  Is 6pm ok for everyone?  I'm fine with doing
> it a bit later as well.  I just want to get it nailed down so I can
> advertise a bit outside of this list.
>
> cheers,
>
> tim
> ______________________________**_________________
> Owasp-portland mailing list
> Owasp-portland at lists.owasp.org
> https://lists.owasp.org/**mailman/listinfo/owasp-**portland<https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-portland>
>



-- 
Matthew Lapworth
http://www.bit-shift.net

We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence then is not an act, but a habit.
  - Aristotle
-------------- next part --------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed...
URL: <http://lists.owasp.org/pipermail/owasp-portland/attachments/20120117/3001686a/attachment.html>

From webmaster at warnerpacific.edu  Tue Jan 17 17:24:18 2012
From: webmaster at warnerpacific.edu (David Pirolo)
Date: Tue, 17 Jan 2012 09:24:18 -0800
Subject: [Owasp-portland] January Get together
In-Reply-To: <CABU9uZhwiMj62fPa36pBk6GpU5LQAmNtGnQXTDeLLq8epa2_vQ@mail.gmail.com>
References: <CABU9uZgxnrTVyTJoC9BGsWvP-KeJWOdh9+Mr2o5eBExk656=-g@mail.gmail.com>
	<4EEF8C21.1080108@vsecurity.com>
	<CABU9uZjK1irO3DwLgCEMEfdHD0FdoxN8=ss-y1o7RF1-f=W-HQ@mail.gmail.com>
	<4EEF9070.1090709@vsecurity.com> <1326301366.2734.3.camel@Sirius>
	<4F0DC1C1.4020106@vsecurity.com>
	<CABU9uZjvkULL6xwG3uXkHY12wxPfxZ-d_-tWPi1VNnUtBhBycw@mail.gmail.com>
	<CADJNeDkx5FqPFsOZb2PZ9rODc9DxkDHZPRZvs999sxvQ+QsESA@mail.gmail.com>
	<CABU9uZhPqnqwPqPjhZ72BXuwjHOYKeqo50COQxNGb4tNmRUBuA@mail.gmail.com>
	<CABU9uZjd-Y0tTSbUzwsivFP-2K4O7HpnuW3wq-8mwv1and3nHQ@mail.gmail.com>
	<4F10ADAA.6000503@vsecurity.com>
	<CADRfNKax8zv5pwYTjccoqV9QPmcw=GphgLcWcVG_mDKDTM1LFQ@mail.gmail.com>
	<4F14BBA2.7060702@vsecurity.com>
	<CABU9uZhwiMj62fPa36pBk6GpU5LQAmNtGnQXTDeLLq8epa2_vQ@mail.gmail.com>
Message-ID: <1326821058.19295.0.camel@Sirius>

24th for me too.

On Mon, 2012-01-16 at 16:08 -0800, Matthew Lapworth wrote:
> The 24th works best for me as well. 
> 
> On Jan 16, 2012 4:07 PM, "Timothy D. Morgan"
> <tmorgan-owasp at vsecurity.com> wrote:
>         
>         I see no additional names on the calendar.  Should we wait
>         longer?  The 24th and 27th are tied at 4 people.  I personally
>         would prefer the 24th.
>         
>         tim
>         _______________________________________________
>         Owasp-portland mailing list
>         Owasp-portland at lists.owasp.org
>         https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-portland
> _______________________________________________
> Owasp-portland mailing list
> Owasp-portland at lists.owasp.org
> https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-portland



From tmorgan-owasp at vsecurity.com  Tue Jan 17 20:36:49 2012
From: tmorgan-owasp at vsecurity.com (Timothy D. Morgan)
Date: Tue, 17 Jan 2012 12:36:49 -0800
Subject: [Owasp-portland] January Get together
In-Reply-To: <CABU9uZj8j9JysKHYkSxKWMTepc==aqwVVMoORnH=Q73ww+i5JA@mail.gmail.com>
References: <CABU9uZgxnrTVyTJoC9BGsWvP-KeJWOdh9+Mr2o5eBExk656=-g@mail.gmail.com>
	<4EEF8C21.1080108@vsecurity.com>
	<CABU9uZjK1irO3DwLgCEMEfdHD0FdoxN8=ss-y1o7RF1-f=W-HQ@mail.gmail.com>
	<4EEF9070.1090709@vsecurity.com> <1326301366.2734.3.camel@Sirius>
	<4F0DC1C1.4020106@vsecurity.com>
	<CABU9uZjvkULL6xwG3uXkHY12wxPfxZ-d_-tWPi1VNnUtBhBycw@mail.gmail.com>
	<CADJNeDkx5FqPFsOZb2PZ9rODc9DxkDHZPRZvs999sxvQ+QsESA@mail.gmail.com>
	<CABU9uZhPqnqwPqPjhZ72BXuwjHOYKeqo50COQxNGb4tNmRUBuA@mail.gmail.com>
	<CABU9uZjd-Y0tTSbUzwsivFP-2K4O7HpnuW3wq-8mwv1and3nHQ@mail.gmail.com>
	<4F10ADAA.6000503@vsecurity.com>
	<CADRfNKax8zv5pwYTjccoqV9QPmcw=GphgLcWcVG_mDKDTM1LFQ@mail.gmail.com>
	<4F14BBA2.7060702@vsecurity.com>
	<3AFD9841-A5A3-4A10-8514-DD00A54A6114@warnerpacific.edu>
	<4F15A383.4070108@vsecurity.com>
	<CABU9uZj8j9JysKHYkSxKWMTepc==aqwVVMoORnH=Q73ww+i5JA@mail.gmail.com>
Message-ID: <4F15DBE1.8000003@vsecurity.com>

Ok, I've set up a calagator entry:
   http://calagator.org/events/1250461868

I've also called HUB and put them on notice for a group of up to 15 
people, but told them I'd update them with a more accurate number closer 
to the time.  For the 4 people who already posted on the doodle page for 
the 24th, consider yourself RSVPed already.

Feel free to send the calagator link to anyone else you think might be 
interested.

thanks,
tim

From adam.gaydosh at anitian.com  Tue Jan 24 22:54:48 2012
From: adam.gaydosh at anitian.com (Adam Gaydosh)
Date: Tue, 24 Jan 2012 22:54:48 +0000
Subject: [Owasp-portland] Owasp-portland Digest, Vol 19, Issue 4
In-Reply-To: <mailman.7.1326888002.15270.owasp-portland@lists.owasp.org>
References: <mailman.7.1326888002.15270.owasp-portland@lists.owasp.org>
Message-ID: <00A8CAFD4D46554F9B9EFF171451860A0552AEB1@S-Natalie-11.anitian.com>

Just catching up on this thread, is the meeting on for tonight at HUB, at 6pm?

-----Original Message-----
From: owasp-portland-bounces at lists.owasp.org [mailto:owasp-portland-bounces at lists.owasp.org] On Behalf Of owasp-portland-request at lists.owasp.org
Sent: Wednesday, January 18, 2012 4:00 AM
To: owasp-portland at lists.owasp.org
Subject: Owasp-portland Digest, Vol 19, Issue 4

Send Owasp-portland mailing list submissions to
	owasp-portland at lists.owasp.org

To subscribe or unsubscribe via the World Wide Web, visit
	https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-portland
or, via email, send a message with subject or body 'help' to
	owasp-portland-request at lists.owasp.org

You can reach the person managing the list at
	owasp-portland-owner at lists.owasp.org

When replying, please edit your Subject line so it is more specific
than "Re: Contents of Owasp-portland digest..."


Today's Topics:

   1. Re: January Get together (Timothy D. Morgan)
   2. Re: January Get together (Matthew Lapworth)
   3. Re: January Get together (David Pirolo)
   4. Re: January Get together (Timothy D. Morgan)


----------------------------------------------------------------------

Message: 1
Date: Tue, 17 Jan 2012 08:36:19 -0800
From: "Timothy D. Morgan" <tmorgan-owasp at vsecurity.com>
To: owasp-portland at lists.owasp.org
Subject: Re: [Owasp-portland] January Get together
Message-ID: <4F15A383.4070108 at vsecurity.com>
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=ISO-8859-1; format=flowed

Ok, let's do the 24th then.  Is 6pm ok for everyone?  I'm fine with 
doing it a bit later as well.  I just want to get it nailed down so I 
can advertise a bit outside of this list.

cheers,
tim


------------------------------

Message: 2
Date: Tue, 17 Jan 2012 08:37:17 -0800
From: Matthew Lapworth <matthewl at bit-shift.net>
To: "Timothy D. Morgan" <tmorgan-owasp at vsecurity.com>
Cc: owasp-portland at lists.owasp.org
Subject: Re: [Owasp-portland] January Get together
Message-ID:
	<CABU9uZj8j9JysKHYkSxKWMTepc==aqwVVMoORnH=Q73ww+i5JA at mail.gmail.com>
Content-Type: text/plain; charset="iso-8859-1"

Works for me.

On Tue, Jan 17, 2012 at 8:36 AM, Timothy D. Morgan <
tmorgan-owasp at vsecurity.com> wrote:

> Ok, let's do the 24th then.  Is 6pm ok for everyone?  I'm fine with doing
> it a bit later as well.  I just want to get it nailed down so I can
> advertise a bit outside of this list.
>
> cheers,
>
> tim
> ______________________________**_________________
> Owasp-portland mailing list
> Owasp-portland at lists.owasp.org
> https://lists.owasp.org/**mailman/listinfo/owasp-**portland<https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-portland>
>



-- 
Matthew Lapworth
http://www.bit-shift.net

We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence then is not an act, but a habit.
  - Aristotle
-------------- next part --------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed...
URL: <http://lists.owasp.org/pipermail/owasp-portland/attachments/20120117/3001686a/attachment-0001.html>

------------------------------

Message: 3
Date: Tue, 17 Jan 2012 09:24:18 -0800
From: David Pirolo <webmaster at warnerpacific.edu>
To: Matthew Lapworth <matthewl at bit-shift.net>
Cc: owasp-portland at lists.owasp.org
Subject: Re: [Owasp-portland] January Get together
Message-ID: <1326821058.19295.0.camel at Sirius>
Content-Type: text/plain; charset="UTF-8"

24th for me too.

On Mon, 2012-01-16 at 16:08 -0800, Matthew Lapworth wrote:
> The 24th works best for me as well. 
> 
> On Jan 16, 2012 4:07 PM, "Timothy D. Morgan"
> <tmorgan-owasp at vsecurity.com> wrote:
>         
>         I see no additional names on the calendar.  Should we wait
>         longer?  The 24th and 27th are tied at 4 people.  I personally
>         would prefer the 24th.
>         
>         tim
>         _______________________________________________
>         Owasp-portland mailing list
>         Owasp-portland at lists.owasp.org
>         https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-portland
> _______________________________________________
> Owasp-portland mailing list
> Owasp-portland at lists.owasp.org
> https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-portland




------------------------------

Message: 4
Date: Tue, 17 Jan 2012 12:36:49 -0800
From: "Timothy D. Morgan" <tmorgan-owasp at vsecurity.com>
Cc: owasp-portland at lists.owasp.org
Subject: Re: [Owasp-portland] January Get together
Message-ID: <4F15DBE1.8000003 at vsecurity.com>
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=ISO-8859-1; format=flowed

Ok, I've set up a calagator entry:
   http://calagator.org/events/1250461868

I've also called HUB and put them on notice for a group of up to 15 
people, but told them I'd update them with a more accurate number closer 
to the time.  For the 4 people who already posted on the doodle page for 
the 24th, consider yourself RSVPed already.

Feel free to send the calagator link to anyone else you think might be 
interested.

thanks,
tim


------------------------------

_______________________________________________
Owasp-portland mailing list
Owasp-portland at lists.owasp.org
https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-portland


End of Owasp-portland Digest, Vol 19, Issue 4
*********************************************



From tmorgan-owasp at vsecurity.com  Tue Jan 24 23:00:33 2012
From: tmorgan-owasp at vsecurity.com (Timothy D. Morgan)
Date: Tue, 24 Jan 2012 15:00:33 -0800
Subject: [Owasp-portland] Owasp-portland Digest, Vol 19, Issue 4
In-Reply-To: <00A8CAFD4D46554F9B9EFF171451860A0552AEB1@S-Natalie-11.anitian.com>
References: <mailman.7.1326888002.15270.owasp-portland@lists.owasp.org>
	<00A8CAFD4D46554F9B9EFF171451860A0552AEB1@S-Natalie-11.anitian.com>
Message-ID: <4F1F3811.90502@vsecurity.com>

Hey Adam,

> Just catching up on this thread, is the meeting on for tonight at HUB, at 6pm?

Yes it is!  It would be great to see you there if you can make it.

cheers,
tim

From matthewl at bit-shift.net  Wed Jan 25 01:54:36 2012
From: matthewl at bit-shift.net (Matthew Lapworth)
Date: Tue, 24 Jan 2012 17:54:36 -0800
Subject: [Owasp-portland] January Get together
In-Reply-To: <4F15DBE1.8000003@vsecurity.com>
References: <CABU9uZgxnrTVyTJoC9BGsWvP-KeJWOdh9+Mr2o5eBExk656=-g@mail.gmail.com>
	<4EEF8C21.1080108@vsecurity.com>
	<CABU9uZjK1irO3DwLgCEMEfdHD0FdoxN8=ss-y1o7RF1-f=W-HQ@mail.gmail.com>
	<4EEF9070.1090709@vsecurity.com> <1326301366.2734.3.camel@Sirius>
	<4F0DC1C1.4020106@vsecurity.com>
	<CABU9uZjvkULL6xwG3uXkHY12wxPfxZ-d_-tWPi1VNnUtBhBycw@mail.gmail.com>
	<CADJNeDkx5FqPFsOZb2PZ9rODc9DxkDHZPRZvs999sxvQ+QsESA@mail.gmail.com>
	<CABU9uZhPqnqwPqPjhZ72BXuwjHOYKeqo50COQxNGb4tNmRUBuA@mail.gmail.com>
	<CABU9uZjd-Y0tTSbUzwsivFP-2K4O7HpnuW3wq-8mwv1and3nHQ@mail.gmail.com>
	<4F10ADAA.6000503@vsecurity.com>
	<CADRfNKax8zv5pwYTjccoqV9QPmcw=GphgLcWcVG_mDKDTM1LFQ@mail.gmail.com>
	<4F14BBA2.7060702@vsecurity.com>
	<3AFD9841-A5A3-4A10-8514-DD00A54A6114@warnerpacific.edu>
	<4F15A383.4070108@vsecurity.com>
	<CABU9uZj8j9JysKHYkSxKWMTepc==aqwVVMoORnH=Q73ww+i5JA@mail.gmail.com>
	<4F15DBE1.8000003@vsecurity.com>
Message-ID: <CABU9uZgCscG2B5b-ARuih7qVW1_ZDusSsYn0sbSKbFGqgTyaLA@mail.gmail.com>

Not going to make it tonight. I have several things left to do for my SANS
class tomorrow.  See you guys in Feb.
On Jan 17, 2012 12:36 PM, "Timothy D. Morgan" <tmorgan-owasp at vsecurity.com>
wrote:

> Ok, I've set up a calagator entry:
>  http://calagator.org/events/**1250461868<http://calagator.org/events/1250461868>
>
> I've also called HUB and put them on notice for a group of up to 15
> people, but told them I'd update them with a more accurate number closer to
> the time.  For the 4 people who already posted on the doodle page for the
> 24th, consider yourself RSVPed already.
>
> Feel free to send the calagator link to anyone else you think might be
> interested.
>
> thanks,
> tim
> ______________________________**_________________
> Owasp-portland mailing list
> Owasp-portland at lists.owasp.org
> https://lists.owasp.org/**mailman/listinfo/owasp-**portland<https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-portland>
>
-------------- next part --------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed...
URL: <http://lists.owasp.org/pipermail/owasp-portland/attachments/20120124/10831cd5/attachment.html>

From adam.gaydosh at anitian.com  Wed Jan 25 02:01:36 2012
From: adam.gaydosh at anitian.com (Adam Gaydosh)
Date: Wed, 25 Jan 2012 02:01:36 +0000
Subject: [Owasp-portland] Owasp-portland Digest, Vol 19, Issue 4
In-Reply-To: <00A8CAFD4D46554F9B9EFF171451860A0552AEB1@S-Natalie-11.anitian.com>
Message-ID: <00A8CAFD4D46554F9B9EFF171451860A0552BDDB@S-Natalie-11.anitian.com>

Sean and I are here, at the far end of the bar.

----- Original Message -----
From: Adam Gaydosh
Sent: Tuesday, January 24, 2012 02:54 PM
To: owasp-portland at lists.owasp.org <owasp-portland at lists.owasp.org>
Subject: RE: Owasp-portland Digest, Vol 19, Issue 4

Just catching up on this thread, is the meeting on for tonight at HUB, at 6pm?

-----Original Message-----
From: owasp-portland-bounces at lists.owasp.org [mailto:owasp-portland-bounces at lists.owasp.org] On Behalf Of owasp-portland-request at lists.owasp.org
Sent: Wednesday, January 18, 2012 4:00 AM
To: owasp-portland at lists.owasp.org
Subject: Owasp-portland Digest, Vol 19, Issue 4

Send Owasp-portland mailing list submissions to
	owasp-portland at lists.owasp.org

To subscribe or unsubscribe via the World Wide Web, visit
	https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-portland
or, via email, send a message with subject or body 'help' to
	owasp-portland-request at lists.owasp.org

You can reach the person managing the list at
	owasp-portland-owner at lists.owasp.org

When replying, please edit your Subject line so it is more specific
than "Re: Contents of Owasp-portland digest..."


Today's Topics:

   1. Re: January Get together (Timothy D. Morgan)
   2. Re: January Get together (Matthew Lapworth)
   3. Re: January Get together (David Pirolo)
   4. Re: January Get together (Timothy D. Morgan)


----------------------------------------------------------------------

Message: 1
Date: Tue, 17 Jan 2012 08:36:19 -0800
From: "Timothy D. Morgan" <tmorgan-owasp at vsecurity.com>
To: owasp-portland at lists.owasp.org
Subject: Re: [Owasp-portland] January Get together
Message-ID: <4F15A383.4070108 at vsecurity.com>
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=ISO-8859-1; format=flowed

Ok, let's do the 24th then.  Is 6pm ok for everyone?  I'm fine with 
doing it a bit later as well.  I just want to get it nailed down so I 
can advertise a bit outside of this list.

cheers,
tim


------------------------------

Message: 2
Date: Tue, 17 Jan 2012 08:37:17 -0800
From: Matthew Lapworth <matthewl at bit-shift.net>
To: "Timothy D. Morgan" <tmorgan-owasp at vsecurity.com>
Cc: owasp-portland at lists.owasp.org
Subject: Re: [Owasp-portland] January Get together
Message-ID:
	<CABU9uZj8j9JysKHYkSxKWMTepc==aqwVVMoORnH=Q73ww+i5JA at mail.gmail.com>
Content-Type: text/plain; charset="iso-8859-1"

Works for me.

On Tue, Jan 17, 2012 at 8:36 AM, Timothy D. Morgan <
tmorgan-owasp at vsecurity.com> wrote:

> Ok, let's do the 24th then.  Is 6pm ok for everyone?  I'm fine with doing
> it a bit later as well.  I just want to get it nailed down so I can
> advertise a bit outside of this list.
>
> cheers,
>
> tim
> ______________________________**_________________
> Owasp-portland mailing list
> Owasp-portland at lists.owasp.org
> https://lists.owasp.org/**mailman/listinfo/owasp-**portland<https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-portland>
>



-- 
Matthew Lapworth
http://www.bit-shift.net

We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence then is not an act, but a habit.
  - Aristotle
-------------- next part --------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed...
URL: <http://lists.owasp.org/pipermail/owasp-portland/attachments/20120117/3001686a/attachment-0001.html>

------------------------------

Message: 3
Date: Tue, 17 Jan 2012 09:24:18 -0800
From: David Pirolo <webmaster at warnerpacific.edu>
To: Matthew Lapworth <matthewl at bit-shift.net>
Cc: owasp-portland at lists.owasp.org
Subject: Re: [Owasp-portland] January Get together
Message-ID: <1326821058.19295.0.camel at Sirius>
Content-Type: text/plain; charset="UTF-8"

24th for me too.

On Mon, 2012-01-16 at 16:08 -0800, Matthew Lapworth wrote:
> The 24th works best for me as well. 
> 
> On Jan 16, 2012 4:07 PM, "Timothy D. Morgan"
> <tmorgan-owasp at vsecurity.com> wrote:
>         
>         I see no additional names on the calendar.  Should we wait
>         longer?  The 24th and 27th are tied at 4 people.  I personally
>         would prefer the 24th.
>         
>         tim
>         _______________________________________________
>         Owasp-portland mailing list
>         Owasp-portland at lists.owasp.org
>         https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-portland
> _______________________________________________
> Owasp-portland mailing list
> Owasp-portland at lists.owasp.org
> https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-portland




------------------------------

Message: 4
Date: Tue, 17 Jan 2012 12:36:49 -0800
From: "Timothy D. Morgan" <tmorgan-owasp at vsecurity.com>
Cc: owasp-portland at lists.owasp.org
Subject: Re: [Owasp-portland] January Get together
Message-ID: <4F15DBE1.8000003 at vsecurity.com>
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=ISO-8859-1; format=flowed

Ok, I've set up a calagator entry:
   http://calagator.org/events/1250461868

I've also called HUB and put them on notice for a group of up to 15 
people, but told them I'd update them with a more accurate number closer 
to the time.  For the 4 people who already posted on the doodle page for 
the 24th, consider yourself RSVPed already.

Feel free to send the calagator link to anyone else you think might be 
interested.

thanks,
tim


------------------------------

_______________________________________________
Owasp-portland mailing list
Owasp-portland at lists.owasp.org
https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-portland


End of Owasp-portland Digest, Vol 19, Issue 4
*********************************************



From tmorgan-owasp at vsecurity.com  Thu Jan 26 01:09:41 2012
From: tmorgan-owasp at vsecurity.com (Timothy D. Morgan)
Date: Wed, 25 Jan 2012 17:09:41 -0800
Subject: [Owasp-portland] Multnomah Library as Meeting Space
Message-ID: <4F20A7D5.9080802@vsecurity.com>

Hi everyone,

Great meeting last night.  Thanks for coming, those who could make it.
During our discussions, it was mentioned that the Multnomah county
library might be an option for free meeting space.  I've looked into it
a little and here are three locations that seem to be good, based on
meeting room size and accessibility:
  http://www.multcolib.org/agcy/nwl.html
  http://www.multcolib.org/agcy/hls.html
  http://www.multcolib.org/agcy/bel.html

In order to book these, I think someone just needs to have a library
card and then fill out a request form for an open date/time.  One of the
only restrictions is that all library branches close at 6pm except on
Monday, Tuesday, or Wednesday, depending on which location it is.  On
those days, locations may be open until 8pm.

I'm also not sure about availability of projectors, I'll have to call
some branches.

How would people feel about these locations for our more formal
meetings?  Any of them a serious pain to get to?  I live near the
Hillsdale location, so if we did any meetings there, I could easily drop
off the form prior to each meeting.

Thanks,
tim

From AHockett at warnerpacific.edu  Thu Jan 26 15:09:00 2012
From: AHockett at warnerpacific.edu (Aaron Hockett)
Date: Thu, 26 Jan 2012 07:09:00 -0800
Subject: [Owasp-portland] Owasp-portland Digest, Vol 19, Issue 6
In-Reply-To: <mailman.1.1327579201.16486.owasp-portland@lists.owasp.org>
References: <mailman.1.1327579201.16486.owasp-portland@lists.owasp.org>
Message-ID: <07DB504C4B29D240BE001360619FE4AF05FB7334@email2.warnerpacific.edu>

Hey Tim,

Those look great.

One other option for us West siders is that we meet at the Beaverton
Public Library in downtown Beaverton.  The room sign up list here
(https://apps.beavertonoregon.gov/secure/BookingSystem/rooms/room_librar
y_rooms.cfm#conference) and it gives us some flexibility for rooms and
it is open until 9pm on the weekdays.  One other thing that I was
thinking about was that David Pirolo or myself would have access to
check out a projector from Warner Pacific and bring it to wherever we
meet in case OWASP doesn't have one/ it's just easier for us to bring
one.

Just some thoughts.

-Aaron Hockett

-----Original Message-----
From: owasp-portland-bounces at lists.owasp.org
[mailto:owasp-portland-bounces at lists.owasp.org] On Behalf Of
owasp-portland-request at lists.owasp.org
Sent: Thursday, January 26, 2012 4:00 AM
To: owasp-portland at lists.owasp.org
Subject: Owasp-portland Digest, Vol 19, Issue 6

Send Owasp-portland mailing list submissions to
	owasp-portland at lists.owasp.org

To subscribe or unsubscribe via the World Wide Web, visit
	https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-portland
or, via email, send a message with subject or body 'help' to
	owasp-portland-request at lists.owasp.org

You can reach the person managing the list at
	owasp-portland-owner at lists.owasp.org

When replying, please edit your Subject line so it is more specific than
"Re: Contents of Owasp-portland digest..."


Today's Topics:

   1. Multnomah Library as Meeting Space (Timothy D. Morgan)


----------------------------------------------------------------------

Message: 1
Date: Wed, 25 Jan 2012 17:09:41 -0800
From: "Timothy D. Morgan" <tmorgan-owasp at vsecurity.com>
To: owasp-portland at lists.owasp.org
Subject: [Owasp-portland] Multnomah Library as Meeting Space
Message-ID: <4F20A7D5.9080802 at vsecurity.com>
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=ISO-8859-1

Hi everyone,

Great meeting last night.  Thanks for coming, those who could make it.
During our discussions, it was mentioned that the Multnomah county
library might be an option for free meeting space.  I've looked into it
a little and here are three locations that seem to be good, based on
meeting room size and accessibility:
  http://www.multcolib.org/agcy/nwl.html
  http://www.multcolib.org/agcy/hls.html
  http://www.multcolib.org/agcy/bel.html

In order to book these, I think someone just needs to have a library
card and then fill out a request form for an open date/time.  One of the
only restrictions is that all library branches close at 6pm except on
Monday, Tuesday, or Wednesday, depending on which location it is.  On
those days, locations may be open until 8pm.

I'm also not sure about availability of projectors, I'll have to call
some branches.

How would people feel about these locations for our more formal
meetings?  Any of them a serious pain to get to?  I live near the
Hillsdale location, so if we did any meetings there, I could easily drop
off the form prior to each meeting.

Thanks,
tim


------------------------------

_______________________________________________
Owasp-portland mailing list
Owasp-portland at lists.owasp.org
https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-portland


End of Owasp-portland Digest, Vol 19, Issue 6
*********************************************

From matthewl at bit-shift.net  Thu Jan 26 16:12:42 2012
From: matthewl at bit-shift.net (Matthew Lapworth)
Date: Thu, 26 Jan 2012 08:12:42 -0800
Subject: [Owasp-portland] Owasp-portland Digest, Vol 19, Issue 6
In-Reply-To: <07DB504C4B29D240BE001360619FE4AF05FB7334@email2.warnerpacific.edu>
References: <mailman.1.1327579201.16486.owasp-portland@lists.owasp.org>
	<07DB504C4B29D240BE001360619FE4AF05FB7334@email2.warnerpacific.edu>
Message-ID: <CABU9uZhOFeiQ=s_osPWTCLV3opWxG_TbQDRxFef7WcsPtNXYgA@mail.gmail.com>

Agreed, all those locations would work out well. And to 2nd Aaron, if we
met at the Beaverton library, there is a great coffee shop across the
street to get drinks at before the meeting starts.

Cheers,
Matthew

On Thu, Jan 26, 2012 at 7:09 AM, Aaron Hockett
<AHockett at warnerpacific.edu>wrote:

> Hey Tim,
>
> Those look great.
>
> One other option for us West siders is that we meet at the Beaverton
> Public Library in downtown Beaverton.  The room sign up list here
> (https://apps.beavertonoregon.gov/secure/BookingSystem/rooms/room_librar
> y_rooms.cfm#conference) and it gives us some flexibility for rooms and
> it is open until 9pm on the weekdays.  One other thing that I was
> thinking about was that David Pirolo or myself would have access to
> check out a projector from Warner Pacific and bring it to wherever we
> meet in case OWASP doesn't have one/ it's just easier for us to bring
> one.
>
> Just some thoughts.
>
> -Aaron Hockett
>
> -----Original Message-----
> From: owasp-portland-bounces at lists.owasp.org
> [mailto:owasp-portland-bounces at lists.owasp.org] On Behalf Of
> owasp-portland-request at lists.owasp.org
> Sent: Thursday, January 26, 2012 4:00 AM
> To: owasp-portland at lists.owasp.org
> Subject: Owasp-portland Digest, Vol 19, Issue 6
>
> Send Owasp-portland mailing list submissions to
>        owasp-portland at lists.owasp.org
>
> To subscribe or unsubscribe via the World Wide Web, visit
>        https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-portland
> or, via email, send a message with subject or body 'help' to
>        owasp-portland-request at lists.owasp.org
>
> You can reach the person managing the list at
>        owasp-portland-owner at lists.owasp.org
>
> When replying, please edit your Subject line so it is more specific than
> "Re: Contents of Owasp-portland digest..."
>
>
> Today's Topics:
>
>   1. Multnomah Library as Meeting Space (Timothy D. Morgan)
>
>
> ----------------------------------------------------------------------
>
> Message: 1
> Date: Wed, 25 Jan 2012 17:09:41 -0800
> From: "Timothy D. Morgan" <tmorgan-owasp at vsecurity.com>
> To: owasp-portland at lists.owasp.org
> Subject: [Owasp-portland] Multnomah Library as Meeting Space
> Message-ID: <4F20A7D5.9080802 at vsecurity.com>
> Content-Type: text/plain; charset=ISO-8859-1
>
> Hi everyone,
>
> Great meeting last night.  Thanks for coming, those who could make it.
> During our discussions, it was mentioned that the Multnomah county
> library might be an option for free meeting space.  I've looked into it
> a little and here are three locations that seem to be good, based on
> meeting room size and accessibility:
>  http://www.multcolib.org/agcy/nwl.html
>  http://www.multcolib.org/agcy/hls.html
>  http://www.multcolib.org/agcy/bel.html
>
> In order to book these, I think someone just needs to have a library
> card and then fill out a request form for an open date/time.  One of the
> only restrictions is that all library branches close at 6pm except on
> Monday, Tuesday, or Wednesday, depending on which location it is.  On
> those days, locations may be open until 8pm.
>
> I'm also not sure about availability of projectors, I'll have to call
> some branches.
>
> How would people feel about these locations for our more formal
> meetings?  Any of them a serious pain to get to?  I live near the
> Hillsdale location, so if we did any meetings there, I could easily drop
> off the form prior to each meeting.
>
> Thanks,
> tim
>
>
> ------------------------------
>
> _______________________________________________
> Owasp-portland mailing list
> Owasp-portland at lists.owasp.org
> https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-portland
>
>
> End of Owasp-portland Digest, Vol 19, Issue 6
> *********************************************
> _______________________________________________
> Owasp-portland mailing list
> Owasp-portland at lists.owasp.org
> https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-portland
>



-- 
Matthew Lapworth
http://www.bit-shift.net

We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence then is not an act, but a habit.
  - Aristotle
-------------- next part --------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed...
URL: <http://lists.owasp.org/pipermail/owasp-portland/attachments/20120126/d14f125c/attachment.html>

From tmorgan-owasp at vsecurity.com  Thu Jan 26 16:34:32 2012
From: tmorgan-owasp at vsecurity.com (Timothy D. Morgan)
Date: Thu, 26 Jan 2012 08:34:32 -0800
Subject: [Owasp-portland] Meeting Space
In-Reply-To: <07DB504C4B29D240BE001360619FE4AF05FB7334@email2.warnerpacific.edu>
References: <mailman.1.1327579201.16486.owasp-portland@lists.owasp.org>
	<07DB504C4B29D240BE001360619FE4AF05FB7334@email2.warnerpacific.edu>
Message-ID: <4F218098.3070005@vsecurity.com>

Hey Aaron,

That's a good idea.  Beaverton's room reservation system is all online
too, which makes it pretty easy to see what is available.  However, it
does seem like these rooms are quite popular...  Every date I've looked
at so far for our March meeting (based on a handful of preferred dates)
is booked. =\

So it sounds like we have 3-4 of us who can bring a projector now, so
that shouldn't be a big issue if we can get just one of them there to
any given meeting.  I did end up calling the Multnomah branches I
mentioned, and two of them said that they do have projectors for use.
The other one (Belmont library) said they have them, but they aren't
permitted for use with reserved rooms.  (Kind of odd.  I have to wonder
what the real library policy is and if some of the locations will change
their mind later.)

I've also put requests in to FreeGeek and Backspace Cafe, but haven't
heard back yet.

Thanks,
tim



On 01/26/2012 07:09 AM, Aaron Hockett wrote:
> Hey Tim,
> 
> Those look great.
> 
> One other option for us West siders is that we meet at the Beaverton
> Public Library in downtown Beaverton.  The room sign up list here
> (https://apps.beavertonoregon.gov/secure/BookingSystem/rooms/room_librar
> y_rooms.cfm#conference) and it gives us some flexibility for rooms and
> it is open until 9pm on the weekdays.  One other thing that I was
> thinking about was that David Pirolo or myself would have access to
> check out a projector from Warner Pacific and bring it to wherever we
> meet in case OWASP doesn't have one/ it's just easier for us to bring
> one.
> 
> Just some thoughts.
> 
> -Aaron Hockett
> 
> -----Original Message-----
> From: owasp-portland-bounces at lists.owasp.org
> [mailto:owasp-portland-bounces at lists.owasp.org] On Behalf Of
> owasp-portland-request at lists.owasp.org
> Sent: Thursday, January 26, 2012 4:00 AM
> To: owasp-portland at lists.owasp.org
> Subject: Owasp-portland Digest, Vol 19, Issue 6
> 
> Send Owasp-portland mailing list submissions to
> 	owasp-portland at lists.owasp.org
> 
> To subscribe or unsubscribe via the World Wide Web, visit
> 	https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-portland
> or, via email, send a message with subject or body 'help' to
> 	owasp-portland-request at lists.owasp.org
> 
> You can reach the person managing the list at
> 	owasp-portland-owner at lists.owasp.org
> 
> When replying, please edit your Subject line so it is more specific than
> "Re: Contents of Owasp-portland digest..."
> 
> 
> Today's Topics:
> 
>    1. Multnomah Library as Meeting Space (Timothy D. Morgan)
> 
> 
> ----------------------------------------------------------------------
> 
> Message: 1
> Date: Wed, 25 Jan 2012 17:09:41 -0800
> From: "Timothy D. Morgan" <tmorgan-owasp at vsecurity.com>
> To: owasp-portland at lists.owasp.org
> Subject: [Owasp-portland] Multnomah Library as Meeting Space
> Message-ID: <4F20A7D5.9080802 at vsecurity.com>
> Content-Type: text/plain; charset=ISO-8859-1
> 
> Hi everyone,
> 
> Great meeting last night.  Thanks for coming, those who could make it.
> During our discussions, it was mentioned that the Multnomah county
> library might be an option for free meeting space.  I've looked into it
> a little and here are three locations that seem to be good, based on
> meeting room size and accessibility:
>   http://www.multcolib.org/agcy/nwl.html
>   http://www.multcolib.org/agcy/hls.html
>   http://www.multcolib.org/agcy/bel.html
> 
> In order to book these, I think someone just needs to have a library
> card and then fill out a request form for an open date/time.  One of the
> only restrictions is that all library branches close at 6pm except on
> Monday, Tuesday, or Wednesday, depending on which location it is.  On
> those days, locations may be open until 8pm.
> 
> I'm also not sure about availability of projectors, I'll have to call
> some branches.
> 
> How would people feel about these locations for our more formal
> meetings?  Any of them a serious pain to get to?  I live near the
> Hillsdale location, so if we did any meetings there, I could easily drop
> off the form prior to each meeting.
> 
> Thanks,
> tim
> 
> 
> ------------------------------
> 
> _______________________________________________
> Owasp-portland mailing list
> Owasp-portland at lists.owasp.org
> https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-portland
> 
> 
> End of Owasp-portland Digest, Vol 19, Issue 6
> *********************************************
> _______________________________________________
> Owasp-portland mailing list
> Owasp-portland at lists.owasp.org
> https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-portland


From adam.gaydosh at anitian.com  Fri Jan 27 19:57:29 2012
From: adam.gaydosh at anitian.com (Adam Gaydosh)
Date: Fri, 27 Jan 2012 19:57:29 +0000
Subject: [Owasp-portland] Owasp-portland Digest, Vol 19, Issue 7
In-Reply-To: <mailman.7.1327665601.23650.owasp-portland@lists.owasp.org>
References: <mailman.7.1327665601.23650.owasp-portland@lists.owasp.org>
Message-ID: <00A8CAFD4D46554F9B9EFF171451860A0552D3C4@S-Natalie-11.anitian.com>

I'm flexible but like the idea of a library conference room, and also have a projector I can bring if need be.  


-----Original Message-----
From: owasp-portland-bounces at lists.owasp.org [mailto:owasp-portland-bounces at lists.owasp.org] On Behalf Of owasp-portland-request at lists.owasp.org
Sent: Friday, January 27, 2012 4:00 AM
To: owasp-portland at lists.owasp.org
Subject: Owasp-portland Digest, Vol 19, Issue 7

Send Owasp-portland mailing list submissions to
	owasp-portland at lists.owasp.org

To subscribe or unsubscribe via the World Wide Web, visit
	https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-portland
or, via email, send a message with subject or body 'help' to
	owasp-portland-request at lists.owasp.org

You can reach the person managing the list at
	owasp-portland-owner at lists.owasp.org

When replying, please edit your Subject line so it is more specific
than "Re: Contents of Owasp-portland digest..."


Today's Topics:

   1. Re: Owasp-portland Digest, Vol 19, Issue 6 (Aaron Hockett)
   2. Re: Owasp-portland Digest, Vol 19, Issue 6 (Matthew Lapworth)
   3. Re: Meeting Space (Timothy D. Morgan)


----------------------------------------------------------------------

Message: 1
Date: Thu, 26 Jan 2012 07:09:00 -0800
From: "Aaron Hockett" <AHockett at warnerpacific.edu>
To: <owasp-portland at lists.owasp.org>
Subject: Re: [Owasp-portland] Owasp-portland Digest, Vol 19, Issue 6
Message-ID:
	<07DB504C4B29D240BE001360619FE4AF05FB7334 at email2.warnerpacific.edu>
Content-Type: text/plain;	charset="us-ascii"

Hey Tim,

Those look great.

One other option for us West siders is that we meet at the Beaverton
Public Library in downtown Beaverton.  The room sign up list here
(https://apps.beavertonoregon.gov/secure/BookingSystem/rooms/room_librar
y_rooms.cfm#conference) and it gives us some flexibility for rooms and
it is open until 9pm on the weekdays.  One other thing that I was
thinking about was that David Pirolo or myself would have access to
check out a projector from Warner Pacific and bring it to wherever we
meet in case OWASP doesn't have one/ it's just easier for us to bring
one.

Just some thoughts.

-Aaron Hockett

-----Original Message-----
From: owasp-portland-bounces at lists.owasp.org
[mailto:owasp-portland-bounces at lists.owasp.org] On Behalf Of
owasp-portland-request at lists.owasp.org
Sent: Thursday, January 26, 2012 4:00 AM
To: owasp-portland at lists.owasp.org
Subject: Owasp-portland Digest, Vol 19, Issue 6

Send Owasp-portland mailing list submissions to
	owasp-portland at lists.owasp.org

To subscribe or unsubscribe via the World Wide Web, visit
	https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-portland
or, via email, send a message with subject or body 'help' to
	owasp-portland-request at lists.owasp.org

You can reach the person managing the list at
	owasp-portland-owner at lists.owasp.org

When replying, please edit your Subject line so it is more specific than
"Re: Contents of Owasp-portland digest..."


Today's Topics:

   1. Multnomah Library as Meeting Space (Timothy D. Morgan)


----------------------------------------------------------------------

Message: 1
Date: Wed, 25 Jan 2012 17:09:41 -0800
From: "Timothy D. Morgan" <tmorgan-owasp at vsecurity.com>
To: owasp-portland at lists.owasp.org
Subject: [Owasp-portland] Multnomah Library as Meeting Space
Message-ID: <4F20A7D5.9080802 at vsecurity.com>
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=ISO-8859-1

Hi everyone,

Great meeting last night.  Thanks for coming, those who could make it.
During our discussions, it was mentioned that the Multnomah county
library might be an option for free meeting space.  I've looked into it
a little and here are three locations that seem to be good, based on
meeting room size and accessibility:
  http://www.multcolib.org/agcy/nwl.html
  http://www.multcolib.org/agcy/hls.html
  http://www.multcolib.org/agcy/bel.html

In order to book these, I think someone just needs to have a library
card and then fill out a request form for an open date/time.  One of the
only restrictions is that all library branches close at 6pm except on
Monday, Tuesday, or Wednesday, depending on which location it is.  On
those days, locations may be open until 8pm.

I'm also not sure about availability of projectors, I'll have to call
some branches.

How would people feel about these locations for our more formal
meetings?  Any of them a serious pain to get to?  I live near the
Hillsdale location, so if we did any meetings there, I could easily drop
off the form prior to each meeting.

Thanks,
tim


------------------------------

_______________________________________________
Owasp-portland mailing list
Owasp-portland at lists.owasp.org
https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-portland


End of Owasp-portland Digest, Vol 19, Issue 6
*********************************************


------------------------------

Message: 2
Date: Thu, 26 Jan 2012 08:12:42 -0800
From: Matthew Lapworth <matthewl at bit-shift.net>
To: Aaron Hockett <AHockett at warnerpacific.edu>
Cc: owasp-portland at lists.owasp.org
Subject: Re: [Owasp-portland] Owasp-portland Digest, Vol 19, Issue 6
Message-ID:
	<CABU9uZhOFeiQ=s_osPWTCLV3opWxG_TbQDRxFef7WcsPtNXYgA at mail.gmail.com>
Content-Type: text/plain; charset="iso-8859-1"

Agreed, all those locations would work out well. And to 2nd Aaron, if we
met at the Beaverton library, there is a great coffee shop across the
street to get drinks at before the meeting starts.

Cheers,
Matthew

On Thu, Jan 26, 2012 at 7:09 AM, Aaron Hockett
<AHockett at warnerpacific.edu>wrote:

> Hey Tim,
>
> Those look great.
>
> One other option for us West siders is that we meet at the Beaverton
> Public Library in downtown Beaverton.  The room sign up list here
> (https://apps.beavertonoregon.gov/secure/BookingSystem/rooms/room_librar
> y_rooms.cfm#conference) and it gives us some flexibility for rooms and
> it is open until 9pm on the weekdays.  One other thing that I was
> thinking about was that David Pirolo or myself would have access to
> check out a projector from Warner Pacific and bring it to wherever we
> meet in case OWASP doesn't have one/ it's just easier for us to bring
> one.
>
> Just some thoughts.
>
> -Aaron Hockett
>
> -----Original Message-----
> From: owasp-portland-bounces at lists.owasp.org
> [mailto:owasp-portland-bounces at lists.owasp.org] On Behalf Of
> owasp-portland-request at lists.owasp.org
> Sent: Thursday, January 26, 2012 4:00 AM
> To: owasp-portland at lists.owasp.org
> Subject: Owasp-portland Digest, Vol 19, Issue 6
>
> Send Owasp-portland mailing list submissions to
>        owasp-portland at lists.owasp.org
>
> To subscribe or unsubscribe via the World Wide Web, visit
>        https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-portland
> or, via email, send a message with subject or body 'help' to
>        owasp-portland-request at lists.owasp.org
>
> You can reach the person managing the list at
>        owasp-portland-owner at lists.owasp.org
>
> When replying, please edit your Subject line so it is more specific than
> "Re: Contents of Owasp-portland digest..."
>
>
> Today's Topics:
>
>   1. Multnomah Library as Meeting Space (Timothy D. Morgan)
>
>
> ----------------------------------------------------------------------
>
> Message: 1
> Date: Wed, 25 Jan 2012 17:09:41 -0800
> From: "Timothy D. Morgan" <tmorgan-owasp at vsecurity.com>
> To: owasp-portland at lists.owasp.org
> Subject: [Owasp-portland] Multnomah Library as Meeting Space
> Message-ID: <4F20A7D5.9080802 at vsecurity.com>
> Content-Type: text/plain; charset=ISO-8859-1
>
> Hi everyone,
>
> Great meeting last night.  Thanks for coming, those who could make it.
> During our discussions, it was mentioned that the Multnomah county
> library might be an option for free meeting space.  I've looked into it
> a little and here are three locations that seem to be good, based on
> meeting room size and accessibility:
>  http://www.multcolib.org/agcy/nwl.html
>  http://www.multcolib.org/agcy/hls.html
>  http://www.multcolib.org/agcy/bel.html
>
> In order to book these, I think someone just needs to have a library
> card and then fill out a request form for an open date/time.  One of the
> only restrictions is that all library branches close at 6pm except on
> Monday, Tuesday, or Wednesday, depending on which location it is.  On
> those days, locations may be open until 8pm.
>
> I'm also not sure about availability of projectors, I'll have to call
> some branches.
>
> How would people feel about these locations for our more formal
> meetings?  Any of them a serious pain to get to?  I live near the
> Hillsdale location, so if we did any meetings there, I could easily drop
> off the form prior to each meeting.
>
> Thanks,
> tim
>
>
> ------------------------------
>
> _______________________________________________
> Owasp-portland mailing list
> Owasp-portland at lists.owasp.org
> https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-portland
>
>
> End of Owasp-portland Digest, Vol 19, Issue 6
> *********************************************
> _______________________________________________
> Owasp-portland mailing list
> Owasp-portland at lists.owasp.org
> https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-portland
>



-- 
Matthew Lapworth
http://www.bit-shift.net

We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence then is not an act, but a habit.
  - Aristotle
-------------- next part --------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed...
URL: <http://lists.owasp.org/pipermail/owasp-portland/attachments/20120126/d14f125c/attachment-0001.html>

------------------------------

Message: 3
Date: Thu, 26 Jan 2012 08:34:32 -0800
From: "Timothy D. Morgan" <tmorgan-owasp at vsecurity.com>
To: owasp-portland at lists.owasp.org
Subject: Re: [Owasp-portland] Meeting Space
Message-ID: <4F218098.3070005 at vsecurity.com>
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=ISO-8859-1

Hey Aaron,

That's a good idea.  Beaverton's room reservation system is all online
too, which makes it pretty easy to see what is available.  However, it
does seem like these rooms are quite popular...  Every date I've looked
at so far for our March meeting (based on a handful of preferred dates)
is booked. =\

So it sounds like we have 3-4 of us who can bring a projector now, so
that shouldn't be a big issue if we can get just one of them there to
any given meeting.  I did end up calling the Multnomah branches I
mentioned, and two of them said that they do have projectors for use.
The other one (Belmont library) said they have them, but they aren't
permitted for use with reserved rooms.  (Kind of odd.  I have to wonder
what the real library policy is and if some of the locations will change
their mind later.)

I've also put requests in to FreeGeek and Backspace Cafe, but haven't
heard back yet.

Thanks,
tim



On 01/26/2012 07:09 AM, Aaron Hockett wrote:
> Hey Tim,
> 
> Those look great.
> 
> One other option for us West siders is that we meet at the Beaverton
> Public Library in downtown Beaverton.  The room sign up list here
> (https://apps.beavertonoregon.gov/secure/BookingSystem/rooms/room_librar
> y_rooms.cfm#conference) and it gives us some flexibility for rooms and
> it is open until 9pm on the weekdays.  One other thing that I was
> thinking about was that David Pirolo or myself would have access to
> check out a projector from Warner Pacific and bring it to wherever we
> meet in case OWASP doesn't have one/ it's just easier for us to bring
> one.
> 
> Just some thoughts.
> 
> -Aaron Hockett
> 
> -----Original Message-----
> From: owasp-portland-bounces at lists.owasp.org
> [mailto:owasp-portland-bounces at lists.owasp.org] On Behalf Of
> owasp-portland-request at lists.owasp.org
> Sent: Thursday, January 26, 2012 4:00 AM
> To: owasp-portland at lists.owasp.org
> Subject: Owasp-portland Digest, Vol 19, Issue 6
> 
> Send Owasp-portland mailing list submissions to
> 	owasp-portland at lists.owasp.org
> 
> To subscribe or unsubscribe via the World Wide Web, visit
> 	https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-portland
> or, via email, send a message with subject or body 'help' to
> 	owasp-portland-request at lists.owasp.org
> 
> You can reach the person managing the list at
> 	owasp-portland-owner at lists.owasp.org
> 
> When replying, please edit your Subject line so it is more specific than
> "Re: Contents of Owasp-portland digest..."
> 
> 
> Today's Topics:
> 
>    1. Multnomah Library as Meeting Space (Timothy D. Morgan)
> 
> 
> ----------------------------------------------------------------------
> 
> Message: 1
> Date: Wed, 25 Jan 2012 17:09:41 -0800
> From: "Timothy D. Morgan" <tmorgan-owasp at vsecurity.com>
> To: owasp-portland at lists.owasp.org
> Subject: [Owasp-portland] Multnomah Library as Meeting Space
> Message-ID: <4F20A7D5.9080802 at vsecurity.com>
> Content-Type: text/plain; charset=ISO-8859-1
> 
> Hi everyone,
> 
> Great meeting last night.  Thanks for coming, those who could make it.
> During our discussions, it was mentioned that the Multnomah county
> library might be an option for free meeting space.  I've looked into it
> a little and here are three locations that seem to be good, based on
> meeting room size and accessibility:
>   http://www.multcolib.org/agcy/nwl.html
>   http://www.multcolib.org/agcy/hls.html
>   http://www.multcolib.org/agcy/bel.html
> 
> In order to book these, I think someone just needs to have a library
> card and then fill out a request form for an open date/time.  One of the
> only restrictions is that all library branches close at 6pm except on
> Monday, Tuesday, or Wednesday, depending on which location it is.  On
> those days, locations may be open until 8pm.
> 
> I'm also not sure about availability of projectors, I'll have to call
> some branches.
> 
> How would people feel about these locations for our more formal
> meetings?  Any of them a serious pain to get to?  I live near the
> Hillsdale location, so if we did any meetings there, I could easily drop
> off the form prior to each meeting.
> 
> Thanks,
> tim
> 
> 
> ------------------------------
> 
> _______________________________________________
> Owasp-portland mailing list
> Owasp-portland at lists.owasp.org
> https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-portland
> 
> 
> End of Owasp-portland Digest, Vol 19, Issue 6
> *********************************************
> _______________________________________________
> Owasp-portland mailing list
> Owasp-portland at lists.owasp.org
> https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-portland



------------------------------

_______________________________________________
Owasp-portland mailing list
Owasp-portland at lists.owasp.org
https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-portland


End of Owasp-portland Digest, Vol 19, Issue 7
*********************************************



From tmorgan-owasp at vsecurity.com  Tue Jan 31 00:33:48 2012
From: tmorgan-owasp at vsecurity.com (Timothy D. Morgan)
Date: Mon, 30 Jan 2012 16:33:48 -0800
Subject: [Owasp-portland] March Chapter Meeting Scheduled
In-Reply-To: <mailman.55.1327969862.2482.owasp-portland@lists.owasp.org>
References: <mailman.55.1327969862.2482.owasp-portland@lists.owasp.org>
Message-ID: <4F2736EC.8040303@vsecurity.com>

Hi everyone,

I've finally managed to line up all of the details for the March 8th
chapter meeting.  The info is here:
  http://calagator.org/events/1250461909

The venue is not free, but I hear the facilities are pretty nice, so I
convinced my boss to sponsor us. =)   Hope you all can make it!

tim


From matthewl at bit-shift.net  Tue Jan 31 00:37:43 2012
From: matthewl at bit-shift.net (Matthew Lapworth)
Date: Mon, 30 Jan 2012 16:37:43 -0800
Subject: [Owasp-portland] March Chapter Meeting Scheduled
In-Reply-To: <4F2736EC.8040303@vsecurity.com>
References: <mailman.55.1327969862.2482.owasp-portland@lists.owasp.org>
	<4F2736EC.8040303@vsecurity.com>
Message-ID: <CABU9uZjsFvdpCJruWZUd3hiv=3Ysvy282KbQe+jGStodW_jhhA@mail.gmail.com>

Is there a limit on the number of people that can attend? I recently read
the OWASP chapter by-laws and technically we're supposed to post all these
chapter meetings to the OWASP calendar. I can do. that.

On Mon, Jan 30, 2012 at 4:33 PM, Timothy D. Morgan <
tmorgan-owasp at vsecurity.com> wrote:

> Hi everyone,
>
> I've finally managed to line up all of the details for the March 8th
> chapter meeting.  The info is here:
>  http://calagator.org/events/1250461909
>
> The venue is not free, but I hear the facilities are pretty nice, so I
> convinced my boss to sponsor us. =)   Hope you all can make it!
>
> tim
>
> _______________________________________________
> Owasp-portland mailing list
> Owasp-portland at lists.owasp.org
> https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-portland
>



-- 
Matthew Lapworth
http://www.bit-shift.net

We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence then is not an act, but a habit.
  - Aristotle
-------------- next part --------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed...
URL: <http://lists.owasp.org/pipermail/owasp-portland/attachments/20120130/10d0672d/attachment.html>

From tmorgan-owasp at vsecurity.com  Tue Jan 31 00:40:59 2012
From: tmorgan-owasp at vsecurity.com (Timothy D. Morgan)
Date: Mon, 30 Jan 2012 16:40:59 -0800
Subject: [Owasp-portland] March Chapter Meeting Scheduled
In-Reply-To: <CABU9uZjsFvdpCJruWZUd3hiv=3Ysvy282KbQe+jGStodW_jhhA@mail.gmail.com>
References: <mailman.55.1327969862.2482.owasp-portland@lists.owasp.org>
	<4F2736EC.8040303@vsecurity.com>
	<CABU9uZjsFvdpCJruWZUd3hiv=3Ysvy282KbQe+jGStodW_jhhA@mail.gmail.com>
Message-ID: <4F27389B.1000100@vsecurity.com>

The attendance limit is 45, which I think is going to be plenty.

Yes, I was wondering about the OWASP calendar...  I haven't used it
before, but please feel free to add the event.  I'll try to do that next
time I post something.


On 01/30/2012 04:37 PM, Matthew Lapworth wrote:
> Is there a limit on the number of people that can attend? I recently read
> the OWASP chapter by-laws and technically we're supposed to post all these
> chapter meetings to the OWASP calendar. I can do. that.
> 
> On Mon, Jan 30, 2012 at 4:33 PM, Timothy D. Morgan <
> tmorgan-owasp at vsecurity.com> wrote:
> 
>> Hi everyone,
>>
>> I've finally managed to line up all of the details for the March 8th
>> chapter meeting.  The info is here:
>>  http://calagator.org/events/1250461909
>>
>> The venue is not free, but I hear the facilities are pretty nice, so I
>> convinced my boss to sponsor us. =)   Hope you all can make it!
>>
>> tim
>>
>> _______________________________________________
>> Owasp-portland mailing list
>> Owasp-portland at lists.owasp.org
>> https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-portland

From matthewl at bit-shift.net  Tue Jan 31 00:43:58 2012
From: matthewl at bit-shift.net (Matthew Lapworth)
Date: Mon, 30 Jan 2012 16:43:58 -0800
Subject: [Owasp-portland] March Chapter Meeting Scheduled
In-Reply-To: <4F27389B.1000100@vsecurity.com>
References: <mailman.55.1327969862.2482.owasp-portland@lists.owasp.org>
	<4F2736EC.8040303@vsecurity.com>
	<CABU9uZjsFvdpCJruWZUd3hiv=3Ysvy282KbQe+jGStodW_jhhA@mail.gmail.com>
	<4F27389B.1000100@vsecurity.com>
Message-ID: <CABU9uZgVJZfXniw9-06w=wOyjcgwHvdt=qCDuYq7qtt+=aV1sg@mail.gmail.com>

Looks like our chapter page has a link to the calagator entries for this
meeting and the one on June 11. We're all good.

On Mon, Jan 30, 2012 at 4:40 PM, Timothy D. Morgan <
tmorgan-owasp at vsecurity.com> wrote:

> The attendance limit is 45, which I think is going to be plenty.
>
> Yes, I was wondering about the OWASP calendar...  I haven't used it
> before, but please feel free to add the event.  I'll try to do that next
> time I post something.
>
>
> On 01/30/2012 04:37 PM, Matthew Lapworth wrote:
> > Is there a limit on the number of people that can attend? I recently read
> > the OWASP chapter by-laws and technically we're supposed to post all
> these
> > chapter meetings to the OWASP calendar. I can do. that.
> >
> > On Mon, Jan 30, 2012 at 4:33 PM, Timothy D. Morgan <
> > tmorgan-owasp at vsecurity.com> wrote:
> >
> >> Hi everyone,
> >>
> >> I've finally managed to line up all of the details for the March 8th
> >> chapter meeting.  The info is here:
> >>  http://calagator.org/events/1250461909
> >>
> >> The venue is not free, but I hear the facilities are pretty nice, so I
> >> convinced my boss to sponsor us. =)   Hope you all can make it!
> >>
> >> tim
> >>
> >> _______________________________________________
> >> Owasp-portland mailing list
> >> Owasp-portland at lists.owasp.org
> >> https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-portland
>



-- 
Matthew Lapworth
http://www.bit-shift.net

We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence then is not an act, but a habit.
  - Aristotle
-------------- next part --------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed...
URL: <http://lists.owasp.org/pipermail/owasp-portland/attachments/20120130/25ae9abe/attachment.html>

