<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<HTML>
 <HEAD>
   <TITLE> [OWASP Media Project] AppSecUSA 2013 kickoff recap
   </TITLE>
   <LINK REL="Index" HREF="index.html" >
   <LINK REL="made" HREF="mailto:owasp_media_project%40lists.owasp.org?Subject=Re%3A%20%5BOWASP%20Media%20Project%5D%20AppSecUSA%202013%20kickoff%20recap&In-Reply-To=%3C524475BE.7040803%40owasp.org%3E">
   <META NAME="robots" CONTENT="index,nofollow">
   <style type="text/css">
       pre {
           white-space: pre-wrap;       /* css-2.1, curent FF, Opera, Safari */
           }
   </style>
   <META http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=us-ascii">
   <LINK REL="Previous"  HREF="000006.html">
   <LINK REL="Next"  HREF="000002.html">
 </HEAD>
 <BODY BGCOLOR="#ffffff">
   <H1>[OWASP Media Project] AppSecUSA 2013 kickoff recap</H1>
    <B>Jonathan Marcil</B> 
    <A HREF="mailto:owasp_media_project%40lists.owasp.org?Subject=Re%3A%20%5BOWASP%20Media%20Project%5D%20AppSecUSA%202013%20kickoff%20recap&In-Reply-To=%3C524475BE.7040803%40owasp.org%3E"
       TITLE="[OWASP Media Project] AppSecUSA 2013 kickoff recap">jonathan.marcil at owasp.org
       </A><BR>
    <I>Thu Sep 26 17:58:22 UTC 2013</I>
    <P><UL>
        <LI>Previous message: <A HREF="000006.html">[OWASP Media Project] Adding OWASP AppSecEU13 videos
</A></li>
        <LI>Next message: <A HREF="000002.html">[OWASP Media Project] AppSecUSA 2013 kickoff recap
</A></li>
         <LI> <B>Messages sorted by:</B> 
              <a href="date.html#1">[ date ]</a>
              <a href="thread.html#1">[ thread ]</a>
              <a href="subject.html#1">[ subject ]</a>
              <a href="author.html#1">[ author ]</a>
         </LI>
       </UL>
    <HR>  
<!--beginarticle-->
<PRE>Hi list,

basically we are gonna make some content for the YouTube channel at
AppSecUSA 2013 during the Projects Summit. Also the Media Project (me)
will be doing a working session in order to give Hangout/YouTube tips to
people and promote the channel.

Samantha, Dinis and me had a conversation by email in a unrelated
thread. Here's the recap:


On Wed, Sep 25, 2013 at 11:22 AM, Jonathan Marcil
&lt;<A HREF="https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp_media_project">jonathan.marcil at owasp.org</A>&gt; wrote:

Best case scenario would be:
Filming every project leaders briefly presenting their project, to be
put on YouTube later.

Bonus: have a &quot;semi-pro&quot; recording equipment at my disposal. Right now I
have a consumer grade camera that does HD but no microphone system (Yvan
Boily has one that maybe I can borrow). Example of shooting with my
equipment: <A HREF="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ylqs1djNzR0#t=23">https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ylqs1djNzR0#t=23</A>

Note that I don't want to target &quot;high quality filming&quot; since it's
YouTube and we maybe already have a recording crew for AppSecUSA.

That will takes me time during the two days but I'll still be able to
give a hand to Dinis.




On 2013-09-25 14:26, Samantha Groves wrote:
&gt;<i> Dang!! This is Awesome, Jonathan!! So could you record the workshops for
</I>&gt;<i> Mon-Tues? Do I have that right?
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> What semi-pro equipment do you need to do that?
</I>



On Wed, Sep 25, 2013 at 11:34 AM, Jonathan Marcil
&lt;<A HREF="https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp_media_project">jonathan.marcil at owasp.org</A>&gt; wrote:

Hum.. I don't know if recording workshops can be that useful, depend on
the content.. I'll leave that to Dinis.

I'm more thinking of doing 1-2 minutes shorts with each project leader
to present their project. It's quick, easy and effective.

For the equipment, I'll manage by myself because you are prolly crazy
busy with other stuff at the conference anyways. I'll do this in late
October or November since I have to it for OWASP Montreal anyways.


On 2013-09-25 14:36, Samantha Groves wrote:
&gt;<i> I see. Ok.
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> It would be great if you could record the sessions too. Dinis, what do
</I>&gt;<i> you think? When you are up.
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>

On Wed, Sep 25, 2013 at 11:41 AM, Jonathan Marcil
&lt;<A HREF="https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp_media_project">jonathan.marcil at owasp.org</A>&gt; wrote:

Technically it's easier to put the sessions right online on our YouTube
Channel than recording them ;-)

All you need to have is an good Internet connection, Google Hangout, and
with two laptops you get the job done.




On 2013-09-25 14:56, Dinis Cruz wrote:
&gt;<i> Absolutely , I think that is a great idea, there are tons of media
</I>&gt;<i> opportunities at the Summit and AppSec :)
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> Let's do it!!!!
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> Can you create a working session for it?
</I>


On 25 Sep 2013 20:06, &quot;Jonathan Marcil&quot; &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp_media_project">jonathan.marcil at owasp.org</A>&gt; wrote:

Sure.

Working session can be showing off our channel, and giving YouTube and
social media tips from the (to be done) Help page of our project:
<A HREF="https://www.owasp.org/index.php/OWASP_Media_Project#tab=Help">https://www.owasp.org/index.php/OWASP_Media_Project#tab=Help</A>

We can use the session to promote the channel with the attendees.






On Wed, Sep 25, 2013 at 12:12 PM, Dinis Cruz &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp_media_project">dinis.cruz at owasp.org</A>&gt; wrote:

Ideally we should try go get both things:
- recording / broadcast of the working sessions (for remote
participation and historical record)


- 2 to 5m interview/debrief after the working sessions, to talk about
what was achieved





On 2013-09-25 15:03, Dinis Cruz wrote:
&gt;<i> Jim also has a bunch of equipment that he uses for the podcast , which
</I>&gt;<i> he might be able to bring
</I>&gt;<i> Also have you spoken with Jerry Hoff?
</I>




On Wed, Sep 25, 2013 at 12:19 PM, Jonathan Marcil
&lt;<A HREF="https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp_media_project">jonathan.marcil at owasp.org</A>&gt; wrote:

Yes I have contacted Jerry and Abraham Kang for an idea we discussed at
BlackHat. Got no answers from Jerry yet.

BTW may I suggest we move onto
<A HREF="https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp_media_project">https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp_media_project</A>

I'll do a recap later of our previous discussion from this thread.




--



If you have something to reply about from this copy/paste, please start
a new thread with the related subject. Thanks.

</PRE>




<!--endarticle-->
    <HR>
    <P><UL>
        <!--threads-->
	<LI>Previous message: <A HREF="000006.html">[OWASP Media Project] Adding OWASP AppSecEU13 videos
</A></li>
	<LI>Next message: <A HREF="000002.html">[OWASP Media Project] AppSecUSA 2013 kickoff recap
</A></li>
         <LI> <B>Messages sorted by:</B> 
              <a href="date.html#1">[ date ]</a>
              <a href="thread.html#1">[ thread ]</a>
              <a href="subject.html#1">[ subject ]</a>
              <a href="author.html#1">[ author ]</a>
         </LI>
       </UL>

<hr>
<a href="https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp_media_project">More information about the Owasp_media_project
mailing list</a><br>
</body></html>
