<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<HTML>
 <HEAD>
   <TITLE> [Owasp-appsensor-project] ideas for upcoming appsensor talk at dev	conference
   </TITLE>
   <LINK REL="Index" HREF="index.html" >
   <LINK REL="made" HREF="mailto:owasp-appsensor-project%40lists.owasp.org?Subject=Re%3A%20%5BOwasp-appsensor-project%5D%20ideas%20for%20upcoming%20appsensor%20talk%20at%20dev%0A%09conference&In-Reply-To=%3CCAM8z%3Dy%2BivpL_SU%2BhGmsMB-7SH2ybYnAeY1-R8O6c17rGVrWd-A%40mail.gmail.com%3E">
   <META NAME="robots" CONTENT="index,nofollow">
   <style type="text/css">
       pre {
           white-space: pre-wrap;       /* css-2.1, curent FF, Opera, Safari */
           }
   </style>
   <META http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=us-ascii">
   
   
 </HEAD>
 <BODY BGCOLOR="#ffffff">
   <H1>[Owasp-appsensor-project] ideas for upcoming appsensor talk at dev	conference</H1>
    <B>John Melton</B> 
    <A HREF="mailto:owasp-appsensor-project%40lists.owasp.org?Subject=Re%3A%20%5BOwasp-appsensor-project%5D%20ideas%20for%20upcoming%20appsensor%20talk%20at%20dev%0A%09conference&In-Reply-To=%3CCAM8z%3Dy%2BivpL_SU%2BhGmsMB-7SH2ybYnAeY1-R8O6c17rGVrWd-A%40mail.gmail.com%3E"
       TITLE="[Owasp-appsensor-project] ideas for upcoming appsensor talk at dev	conference">jtmelton at gmail.com
       </A><BR>
    <I>Sun Dec  6 04:21:07 UTC 2015</I>
    <P><UL>
        
        
         <LI> <B>Messages sorted by:</B> 
              <a href="date.html#1044">[ date ]</a>
              <a href="thread.html#1044">[ thread ]</a>
              <a href="subject.html#1044">[ subject ]</a>
              <a href="author.html#1044">[ author ]</a>
         </LI>
       </UL>
    <HR>  
<!--beginarticle-->
<PRE>All,

I'm going to get to give a talk on appsensor at a dev conference (devnexus)
in February. I've got a few ideas of things I'd like to cover, but I
thought it'd be a good idea to get ideas from the community.

2 main questions:

- What kinds of things should/should not be covered in a dev-centric talk
on appsensor?

- Are there any things we can/should do in the next ~2 months, either in
documentation and/or code, that would be useful for the conference?

Thanks,
John
-------------- next part --------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed...
URL: &lt;<A HREF="http://lists.owasp.org/pipermail/owasp-appsensor-project/attachments/20151205/7aa9b568/attachment.html">http://lists.owasp.org/pipermail/owasp-appsensor-project/attachments/20151205/7aa9b568/attachment.html</A>&gt;
</PRE>

<!--endarticle-->
    <HR>
    <P><UL>
        <!--threads-->
	
	
         <LI> <B>Messages sorted by:</B> 
              <a href="date.html#1044">[ date ]</a>
              <a href="thread.html#1044">[ thread ]</a>
              <a href="subject.html#1044">[ subject ]</a>
              <a href="author.html#1044">[ author ]</a>
         </LI>
       </UL>

<hr>
<a href="https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-appsensor-project">More information about the Owasp-appsensor-project
mailing list</a><br>
</body></html>
