<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<HTML>
 <HEAD>
   <TITLE> [Owasp-portland] FLOSSHack Details and Potential Targets
   </TITLE>
   <LINK REL="Index" HREF="index.html" >
   <LINK REL="made" HREF="mailto:owasp-portland%40lists.owasp.org?Subject=Re%3A%20%5BOwasp-portland%5D%20FLOSSHack%20Details%20and%20Potential%20Targets&In-Reply-To=%3C4FB39545.4000807%40vsecurity.com%3E">
   <META NAME="robots" CONTENT="index,nofollow">
   <style type="text/css">
       pre {
           white-space: pre-wrap;       /* css-2.1, curent FF, Opera, Safari */
           }
   </style>
   <META http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=us-ascii">
   <LINK REL="Previous"  HREF="000148.html">
   <LINK REL="Next"  HREF="000136.html">
 </HEAD>
 <BODY BGCOLOR="#ffffff">
   <H1>[Owasp-portland] FLOSSHack Details and Potential Targets</H1>
    <B>Timothy D. Morgan</B> 
    <A HREF="mailto:owasp-portland%40lists.owasp.org?Subject=Re%3A%20%5BOwasp-portland%5D%20FLOSSHack%20Details%20and%20Potential%20Targets&In-Reply-To=%3C4FB39545.4000807%40vsecurity.com%3E"
       TITLE="[Owasp-portland] FLOSSHack Details and Potential Targets">tmorgan-owasp at vsecurity.com
       </A><BR>
    <I>Wed May 16 11:53:41 UTC 2012</I>
    <P><UL>
        <LI>Previous message: <A HREF="000148.html">[Owasp-portland] FLOSSHack Details and Potential Targets
</A></li>
        <LI>Next message: <A HREF="000136.html">[Owasp-portland] FLOSSHack Details and Potential Targets
</A></li>
         <LI> <B>Messages sorted by:</B> 
              <a href="date.html#149">[ date ]</a>
              <a href="thread.html#149">[ thread ]</a>
              <a href="subject.html#149">[ subject ]</a>
              <a href="author.html#149">[ author ]</a>
         </LI>
       </UL>
    <HR>  
<!--beginarticle-->
<PRE>As much as I don't want to keep pushing the date back, I think it probably is
best to push the first FLOSSHack out past the June 11th meeting.  Most of the
pieces are falling into place now, so I do want to nail down a date, even if it
is a ways out.  That'll give us a deadline to work towards on other logistics.

Let me ask about FreeGeek availability in late June and I'll get back to you all.

thanks,
tim


On 05/11/2012 11:02 AM, Matthew Lapworth wrote:
&gt;<i> Later in June would actually work better for me, like the weekend of June
</I>&gt;<i> 23rd. FreeGeek sounds like a good place to start and I like the suggestion
</I>&gt;<i> about being spread out a little so you can go heads down on a problem. If
</I>&gt;<i> FreeGeek doesn't work out, I might be able to get work to sponsor a monthly
</I>&gt;<i> session but I'll have to check on that after the start of the fiscal year
</I>&gt;<i> next month. I'm with Tim that funding the chapter OPB style would not be
</I>&gt;<i> ideal this early. Might be my naive thinking, but given the
</I>&gt;<i> start-up/venture capital scene in Portland, getting a few companies to pony
</I>&gt;<i> up a few bucks a month shouldn't be that hard. Maybe in return we could
</I>&gt;<i> hold brown-bag sessions to talk about things we learned at a high level.
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> I'm planning on working on getting the VM up and running this weekend as
</I>&gt;<i> it's my first free time in a long while.
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> Cheers,
</I>&gt;<i> Matt
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> On Thu, May 10, 2012 at 4:23 PM, Wil Clouser &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-portland">clouserw at gmail.com</A>&gt; wrote:
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> I didn't know we had a meeting scheduled for the 10th.  Maybe we could
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> use that meeting to remind people about this and do the FLOSSHack a
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> couple weeks afterwards (giving time for people to set up the VM).  I
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> scheduled it close in just because otherwise it might get put off
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> forever but bumping to mid-late June could be a good idea.
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Wil
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> On Thu, May 10, 2012 at 4:03 PM, Timothy D. Morgan
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-portland">tmorgan-owasp at vsecurity.com</A>&gt; wrote:
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Hi Wil,
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> The options they were looking at to allow groups to use the space in
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> the evenings/weekends for a reduced rate didn't pass the board vote so
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> that is out.  As a member, I can sponsor 2 hours of meeting time this
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> month for the OWASP meeting, anything over that hits the regular
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> $35/hour rate.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> That's great to know about for future meetings with Collective Agency.
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>  Thanks
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> for following up with that.  We could either find a sponsor for the
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> meeting to
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> extend it to 4 hours for a very reasonable $70, or just have it
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> elsewhere.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Anyone think their company would jump at the chance to sponsor it?
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> I know we were talking about a longer get together so
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> I'm not sure if that'll work or not.  Timothy, did you investigate
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> getting any funds from OWASP?
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> I did read up on chapter funding, and besides the method we've been
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> using so far
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> (having sponsors for individual meetings) it looks like we can either
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> start
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> encouraging paid memberships or looking for local companies to sponsor
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> us on an
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> annual basis.  I could probably ask the OWASP board for &quot;start up&quot; funds
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> of some
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> sort, since we're a young chapter, but chances are they're going to come
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> back at
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> some point with strong with encouragement to start asking people to join
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> as
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> $50/year members.  (Going this route doesn't mean everyone must pay to
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> join
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> meetings.  It just means we'd be pestering you all the time, OPB-style,
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> to pony
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> up. =)  If you guys are cool with that, I'm fine with it as well, but I
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> had
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> initially hoped to establish a strong attendance and regular meetings
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> before
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> going there.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> For FLOSSHack, I'm kind of interested in trying out FreeGeek.  We
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> haven't had a
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> meeting there yet, and it seems it could accommodate quite a few people,
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> even if
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> folks do get a bit spread out through the building.  (That may actually
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> be OK
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> for this kind of event, as folks might want to be heads-down hacking now
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> and
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> then with less interruption.)
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Regarding Ushahidi, it sounds like they've been making progress with
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> their security group.  Some details are at
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="http://wiki.ushahidi.com/display/WIKI/Security+Working+Group">http://wiki.ushahidi.com/display/WIKI/Security+Working+Group</A> including
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> the submission process (emailing them).  Security issues are published
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> publicly at <A HREF="http://security.ushahidi.com/">http://security.ushahidi.com/</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Great!  I'm glad they are getting organized about their security
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> posture.  Makes
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> reporting issues much easier.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> I'm still figuring out if they'd like to be present (live or virtual)
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> at our meeting but I think the next steps here are to determine where
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> and when we want to do this and how many people will show up.  Towards
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> that end, I think scheduling online last time had good feedback, so I
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> made a link we can schedule with:
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="http://www.doodle.com/mu3486diwmrarpb4">http://www.doodle.com/mu3486diwmrarpb4</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Great.  I wanted to do this, but hadn't got around to it.  I think based
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> on the
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> replies I received to the &quot;weeknight vs. weekend&quot; question, the majority
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> of
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> people preferred doing it on a weekend.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> The most important consideration, though, is scheduling with our venue.
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>  If we
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> do go with FreeGeek, Sundays would probably be best based on what Paul
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> told me
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> off-list.  Collective Agency probably has a bit more flexibility on this.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Unfortunately my schedule this month has become totally crazy and I will
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> be out
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> of town for a lot of it.  I've added the weekend days I can do to the
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> doodle
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> page (which are May 19 &amp; 20, or June 2 &amp; 3).  Doing the 2nd and 3rd is
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> probably
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> safest from a planning perspective, but I also don't want to steal any
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> thunder
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> from the meeting we have on the 10th.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> It's tough to find a good day so I threw some variety in there but
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> it's by no means official - if everyone can find another good day or
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> you want me to add one to the list just let me know, I just wanted to
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> get the ball rolling.  We talked about meeting for 2-4 hours in an
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> evening, so figure 6pm or so on whatever day?
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> I'm fine with doing it later in the day on the weekend, but earlier
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> works too.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Earlier might be better on a Sunday.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Also, did anyone else play with the virtual machine?  Any trouble
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> getting it up and running?
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> No time yet. =(  I'm sure it won't be too tough to throw together though.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Thanks for keeping the ball rolling!
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> tim
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Owasp-portland mailing list
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-portland">Owasp-portland at lists.owasp.org</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-portland">https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-portland</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>
</PRE>

<!--endarticle-->
    <HR>
    <P><UL>
        <!--threads-->
	<LI>Previous message: <A HREF="000148.html">[Owasp-portland] FLOSSHack Details and Potential Targets
</A></li>
	<LI>Next message: <A HREF="000136.html">[Owasp-portland] FLOSSHack Details and Potential Targets
</A></li>
         <LI> <B>Messages sorted by:</B> 
              <a href="date.html#149">[ date ]</a>
              <a href="thread.html#149">[ thread ]</a>
              <a href="subject.html#149">[ subject ]</a>
              <a href="author.html#149">[ author ]</a>
         </LI>
       </UL>

<hr>
<a href="https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-portland">More information about the Owasp-portland
mailing list</a><br>
</body></html>
