{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0\stshfdbch0\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang2057\deflangfe2057{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman{\*\falt Thorndale};}
{\f1\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial{\*\falt Albany};}{\f36\fnil\fcharset2\fprq0{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}StarSymbol;}{\f91\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE{\*\falt Thorndale};}
{\f92\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr{\*\falt Thorndale};}{\f94\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek{\*\falt Thorndale};}{\f95\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur{\*\falt Thorndale};}
{\f96\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew){\*\falt Thorndale};}{\f97\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic){\*\falt Thorndale};}{\f98\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic{\*\falt Thorndale};}
{\f99\froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese){\*\falt Thorndale};}{\f101\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE{\*\falt Albany};}{\f102\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr{\*\falt Albany};}
{\f104\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek{\*\falt Albany};}{\f105\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur{\*\falt Albany};}{\f106\fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew){\*\falt Albany};}{\f107\fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic){\*\falt Albany};}
{\f108\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic{\*\falt Albany};}{\f109\fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Arial (Vietnamese){\*\falt Albany};}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}
{\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang2057\langfe2057\cgrid\langnp2057\langfenp2057 \snext0 Normal;}{\s1\ql \li0\ri0\sb240\sa283\keepn\nowidctlpar\faauto\outlinelevel0\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\b\fs28\lang255\langfe255\loch\f1\hich\af0\dbch\af0\cgrid\langnp255\langfenp255 \sbasedon16 \snext17 heading 1;}{\s2\ql \li0\ri0\sb240\sa283\keepn\nowidctlpar\faauto\outlinelevel1\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\b\fs24\lang255\langfe255\loch\f1\hich\af0\dbch\af0\cgrid\langnp255\langfenp255 \sbasedon16 \snext17 heading 2;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\cgrid\langnp1024\langfenp1024 \snext11 \ssemihidden Normal Table;}{\s15\ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\fs24\lang255\langfe255\cgrid\langnp255\langfenp255 \snext15 Default;}{\s16\ql \li0\ri0\sb240\sa283\keepn\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs28\lang255\langfe255\loch\f1\hich\af0\dbch\af0\cgrid\langnp255\langfenp255 \sbasedon15 \snext17 Heading;}{
\s17\ql \li0\ri0\sa283\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang255\langfe255\cgrid\langnp255\langfenp255 \sbasedon15 \snext17 Text body;}{\*\cs18 \additive \lang1033\langfe255\langnp1033\langfenp255 WW-Default Paragraph Font;}{\*\cs19 \additive 
\lang1033\langfe255\langnp1033\langfenp255 WW-Default Paragraph Font1;}{\*\cs20 \additive \fs28\lang255\langfe255\loch\f1\langnp255\langfenp255 \sbasedon19 Heading Char;}{\*\cs21 \additive \b\fs28\lang255\langfe255\loch\f1\langnp255\langfenp255 
\sbasedon20 Heading 1 Char;}{\*\cs22 \additive \fs18\lang1033\langfe255\loch\f36\langnp1033\langfenp255 Bullet Symbols;}{\*\cs23 \additive \fs18\lang1033\langfe255\loch\f36\langnp1033\langfenp255 WW-Bullet Symbols;}{\*\cs24 \additive 
\fs18\lang1033\langfe255\loch\f36\langnp1033\langfenp255 WW8Num1z0;}{\*\cs25 \additive \fs18\lang1033\langfe255\loch\f36\langnp1033\langfenp255 WW8Num2z0;}}{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0
\levelfollow2\levelstartat1\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext\'01\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f36\fs18 \fi-283\li1701\lin1701 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow2\levelstartat1\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext
\'01\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f36\fs18 \fi-283\li1985\lin1985 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow2\levelstartat1\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext\'01\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f36\fs18 \fi-283\li2268\lin2268 }{\listlevel
\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow2\levelstartat1\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext\'01\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f36\fs18 \fi-283\li2552\lin2552 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow2\levelstartat1
\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext\'01\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f36\fs18 \fi-283\li2835\lin2835 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow2\levelstartat1\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext\'01\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f36\fs18 
\fi-283\li3119\lin3119 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow2\levelstartat1\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext\'01\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f36\fs18 \fi-283\li3402\lin3402 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0
\levelfollow2\levelstartat1\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext\'01\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f36\fs18 \fi-283\li3686\lin3686 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow2\levelstartat1\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext
\'01\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f36\fs18 \fi-283\li3969\lin3969 }{\listname WW8Num2;}\listid1}}{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid15012901}{\*\generator Microsoft Word 10.0.3416;}{\info{\author Glyn}
{\operator Glyn}{\creatim\yr1995\mo11\dy21\hr17\min41}{\revtim\yr2003\mo4\dy1\hr14\min37}{\printim\yr2113\mo1\dy1}{\version2}{\edmins0}{\nofpages4}{\nofwords1151}{\nofchars6567}{\*\company SAS}{\nofcharsws7703}{\vern16453}}
\deftab1250\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\hyphcaps0\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow3\jcompress\viewkind1\viewscale100\nolnhtadjtbl\rsidroot15012901 \fet0\sectd 
\sbknone\linex0\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}
{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \s1\ql \li0\ri0\sb240\sa283\keepn\nowidctlpar\faauto\outlinelevel0\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\b\fs28\lang255\langfe255\loch\af1\hich\af0\dbch\af0\cgrid\langnp255\langfenp255 {\cs21\lang2057\langfe255\hich\af1\langnp2057\insrsid15012901 The OWASP Testing Methodology}{\hich\af1\insrsid15012901 
\par }\pard\plain \s2\ql \li0\ri0\sb240\sa283\keepn\nowidctlpar\faauto\outlinelevel1\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\fs24\lang255\langfe255\loch\af1\hich\af0\dbch\af0\cgrid\langnp255\langfenp255 {\lang2057\langfe255\hich\af1\langnp2057\insrsid15012901 Introduction
\par }\pard\plain \s17\ql \li0\ri0\sa283\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang255\langfe255\cgrid\langnp255\langfenp255 {\lang2057\langfe255\langnp2057\insrsid15012901 
The OWASP aims to provide a full timeline for the secure development, testing and operation of Web Applications.  The OWASP Testing Methodology compliments the security design and build advice in the OWASP Guide.  It enables application developers and spo
nsors to ensure that \endash  before, during and after the implementation phase \endash  the Web Application is built with security in mind, and is resilient to attack.}{\insrsid15012901 
\par }{\lang2057\langfe255\langnp2057\insrsid15012901 The OWASP Testing Methodology provides a full-scope testing timeline.  That is, it provides the method
ologies for testing at any and all stages of a development life-cycle; from analysis of high-level business and technical designs, through technical testing during the prototype and development phases, to pre- and post-production Application Security Asse
ssments.}{\insrsid15012901 
\par }{\lang2057\langfe255\langnp2057\insrsid15012901 
Those phases appropriate to a specific project will clearly vary.  Testing may be focused on post-production analysis of security risks through the web-interface presented to users across the Internet, for example.  In other projects, secure design
 and build may be combined with regular workshops, code-reviews and security testing throughout each development phase.}{\insrsid15012901 
\par }{\lang2057\langfe255\langnp2057\insrsid15012901 The OWASP Testing Methodology provides the strategies and technical advice on how best to analyse and test the web-application from a security perspective; wherever the scope allows. }{\insrsid15012901 

\par }\pard\plain \s2\ql \li0\ri0\sb240\sa283\keepn\nowidctlpar\faauto\outlinelevel1\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\fs24\lang255\langfe255\loch\af1\hich\af0\dbch\af0\cgrid\langnp255\langfenp255 {\lang2057\langfe255\hich\af1\langnp2057\insrsid15012901 The OWASP Test Phases

\par }\pard\plain \s17\ql \li0\ri0\sa283\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang255\langfe255\cgrid\langnp255\langfenp255 {\lang2057\langfe255\langnp2057\insrsid15012901 
The following phases best represent a complete Web Application Testing Methodology.  As discussed, each and every subsection may not necessarily represent the security needs of all web a
pplications and environments.  However, this phased process provides a road map and thorough list of possible steps, methods, target areas, and guidelines.}{\insrsid15012901 
\par }{\lang2057\langfe255\langnp2057\insrsid15012901 The OWASP Testing Methodology phases are detailed below.  Each phase contains expected inputs, proce
ssing, and a defined set of outputs or results that will feed into the next phase.  Each of these phases is discussed in detail in the remainder of this document.}{\insrsid15012901 
\par }{\b\lang2057\langfe255\langnp2057\insrsid15012901 Phase 1 \endash  Scoping and Planning}{\insrsid15012901 
\par }{\lang2057\langfe255\langnp2057\insrsid15012901 An important factor in the success of a project is an effective planning process; defining the scope, implementation and deliverables of the security assessment.}{\insrsid15012901 
\par }{\lang2057\langfe255\langnp2057\insrsid15012901 The following should be achieved during this planning phase:
\par {\listtext\pard\plain\s17 \f36\fs18\lang2057\langfe255\langfenp255 \loch\af36\dbch\af0\hich\f36 \'95\tab}}\pard \s17\ql \fi-283\li2951\ri0\sa283\nowidctlpar\faauto\ls1\rin0\lin2951\itap0 {\lang2057\langfe255\langnp2057\insrsid15012901 The }{
\i\lang2057\langfe255\langnp2057\insrsid15012901 Purpose or Objectives and Scope}{\lang2057\langfe255\langnp2057\insrsid15012901  should be established.  There are many reasons security te
sting may be undertaken; from audit requirements to due-diligence, or as a result of a compelling event.  These motivations may affect the type of assessment to be undertaken.}{\insrsid15012901 
\par {\listtext\pard\plain\s17 \f36\fs18\lang2057\langfe255\langfenp255 \loch\af36\dbch\af0\hich\f36 \'95\tab}}{\i\lang2057\langfe255\langnp2057\insrsid15012901 Necessary Information }{\lang2057\langfe255\langnp2057\insrsid15012901 
should be gathered regarding the areas deemed to be in sc
ope.  This may vary from procedural and operational data regarding the application and its environment to technical design documentation and source-code.  This frequently requires involving and communicating with the relevant or affected parties, includin
g business sponsors and technical architects and implementers.}{\insrsid15012901 
\par {\listtext\pard\plain\s17 \f36\fs18\lang2057\langfe255\langfenp255 \loch\af36\dbch\af0\hich\f36 \'95\tab}}{\i\lang2057\langfe255\langnp2057\insrsid15012901 Project and Test Plans }{\lang2057\langfe255\langnp2057\insrsid15012901 
must be established, clearly detailing the areas in scope determined in the previous exercises, and details of appropriate Security Testing phases.  This defines }{\i\lang2057\langfe255\langnp2057\insrsid15012901 what}{
\lang2057\langfe255\langnp2057\insrsid15012901  the project will include and }{\i\lang2057\langfe255\langnp2057\insrsid15012901 how}{\lang2057\langfe255\langnp2057\insrsid15012901  it will be executed.}{\insrsid15012901 
\par {\listtext\pard\plain\s17 \f36\fs18\lang2057\langfe255\langfenp255 \loch\af36\dbch\af0\hich\f36 \'95\tab}}{\lang2057\langfe255\langnp2057\insrsid15012901 The format and content of the }{\i\lang2057\langfe255\langnp2057\insrsid15012901 Final Deliverables}{
\lang2057\langfe255\langnp2057\insrsid15012901 , notably the report, must be defined.  This may again vary considerably from project to project.  It is important to target the deliverables at the correct audiences \endash 
 in many cases executive or board level summaries may be just as vital as highly technical information on specific vulnerable areas of an application.}{\insrsid15012901 
\par }\pard \s17\ql \li0\ri0\sa142\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\lang2057\langfe255\langnp2057\insrsid15012901 Phase 2 \endash  Application Security Review and Testing}{\insrsid15012901 
\par }\pard \s17\ql \li0\ri0\sa283\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\lang2057\langfe255\langnp2057\insrsid15012901 The Test Plan defined in Phase 1 is executed during the Application Security Review and Testing phase.}{\insrsid15012901 
\par }{\lang2057\langfe255\langnp2057\insrsid15012901 At this stage of development, the OWASP Testing Methodology defines high level concepts for testing.  These stages and detail of the methodologies will be discussed on list, and modifications made
 to the Document as the stages are released.}{\insrsid15012901 
\par }{\lang2057\langfe255\langnp2057\insrsid15012901 In order to provide a comprehensive testing methodology for applications, the approach has been divided into key stages:}{\insrsid15012901 
\par {\listtext\pard\plain\s17 \f36\fs18\lang2057\langfe255\langfenp255 \loch\af36\dbch\af0\hich\f36 \'95\tab}}\pard \s17\ql \fi-283\li2951\ri0\sa283\nowidctlpar\faauto\ls1\rin0\lin2951\itap0 {\lang2057\langfe255\langnp2057\insrsid15012901 A }{
\i\lang2057\langfe255\langnp2057\insrsid15012901 High-Level Business and Technical Review }{\lang2057\langfe255\langnp2057\insrsid15012901 to ensure the core concepts and high-level des
ign are sound, and in-line with the appropriate level of security.  For example, is the expected operation of the site appropriate to the type of data \endash  subject to regulations such as FDIC, HIPAA or the UK DPA?}{\insrsid15012901 
\par {\listtext\pard\plain\s17 \f36\fs18\lang2057\langfe255\langfenp255 \loch\af36\dbch\af0\hich\f36 \'95\tab}}{\lang2057\langfe255\langnp2057\insrsid15012901 A }{\i\lang2057\langfe255\langnp2057\insrsid15012901 Security Management Review}{
\lang2057\langfe255\langnp2057\insrsid15012901  to evaluate the
 policies, procedures, and guidelines supporting the application, and to assess their effectiveness in ensuring correct and proper operation of the site from a security perspective.  This may relate to account management procedures, for example \endash 
 are accounts locked out after a certain number of failed access attempts, or are escalating delays used?  Again, the chosen paradigm may be assessed against both organisational and regulatory policies, and security best-practice.}{\insrsid15012901 

\par {\listtext\pard\plain\s17 \f36\fs18\lang2057\langfe255\langfenp255 \loch\af36\dbch\af0\hich\f36 \'95\tab}}{\lang2057\langfe255\langnp2057\insrsid15012901 A }{\i\lang2057\langfe255\langnp2057\insrsid15012901 Design and Architecture Review }{
\lang2057\langfe255\langnp2057\insrsid15012901 t
o establish whether the technical functionality of the site is secure to the expected levels.  This may involve, for example, a detailed analysis of the session management control within the application to assess its effectiveness in implementing the para
digms established in the higher level reviews.  The specification of session management within a banking application may dictate a user is logged out after a period of activity \endash 
 through a Design and Architecture review it may become clear that this is not enforced adequately, making the application susceptible to attack.  Catching these problems at an early stage may save expensive re-engineering later in the project.}{
\insrsid15012901 
\par {\listtext\pard\plain\s17 \f36\fs18\lang2057\langfe255\langfenp255 \loch\af36\dbch\af0\hich\f36 \'95\tab}}{\lang2057\langfe255\langnp2057\insrsid15012901 A }{\i\lang2057\langfe255\langnp2057\insrsid15012901 Source Code Review }{
\lang2057\langfe255\langnp2057\insrsid15012901 involving detailed analysis of source codes to for unsafe coding, ap
plication logic flaws, input and output validation, common web application vulnerabilities, and proper error handling and boundary conditions.}{\insrsid15012901 
\par {\listtext\pard\plain\s17 \f36\fs18\lang2057\langfe255\langfenp255 \loch\af36\dbch\af0\hich\f36 \'95\tab}}{\i\lang2057\langfe255\langnp2057\insrsid15012901 Application Infrastructure Review and Testing}{\lang2057\langfe255\langnp2057\insrsid15012901 
 focussed on the underlying hosts and software supporting the web a
pplication, and potential security flaws.  This phase crosses over heavily with traditional penetration testing.  It focuses on design problems and security vulnerabilities with the deployment of the hosts, operating systems, web and database servers on w
hich the application relies.  This phase will also identify insecure or unnecessary application components, such as vulnerable CGI scripts or inappropriate services or functionality.}{\insrsid15012901 
\par {\listtext\pard\plain\s17 \f36\fs18\lang2057\langfe255\langfenp255 \loch\af36\dbch\af0\hich\f36 \'95\tab}}{\i\lang2057\langfe255\langnp2057\insrsid15012901 Application Implementation Review and Testing}{\lang2057\langfe255\langnp2057\insrsid15012901 
 to assess the security of the web-application, typically from a user\rquote 
s perspective.  During this Application Security Assessment the correct operation of the site will be analysed from a security perspective.  Compliance with the web application operational and security design will 
be assessed, together with broader categories such as Authentication and Session Management, Parameter Manipulation and Input Validation is assessed in this stage.}{\insrsid15012901 
\par }\pard \s17\ql \li0\ri0\sa283\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\lang2057\langfe255\langnp2057\insrsid15012901 Phase 3 \endash  Reporting
\par }{\lang2057\langfe255\langnp2057\insrsid15012901 As established in the planning phase, there may be a variety of intended audiences from executive management and technical managers, developers and system administrators, to third parties such as auditors.}
{\insrsid15012901 
\par }{\lang2057\langfe255\langnp2057\insrsid15012901 It is vital that the right information reaches the correct parties in an 
appropriate format, as this information is often the only tangible output from a test.  Furthermore, in the case of auditor or executive review the results of the tests may have significant impact on budgets or project decisions, or even the operation of 
an organisation and its applications.}{\insrsid15012901 
\par }{\lang2057\langfe255\langnp2057\insrsid15012901 
This phase is intended to provide guidance on how to effectively communicate and present your results based on the original objectives of the test.  Suggested standards and outline reporting styles will be detailed.}{\insrsid15012901 
\par }{\lang2057\langfe255\langnp2057\insrsid15012901 
\par }{\i\lang2057\langfe255\langnp2057\insrsid15012901 Revised: Glyn Geoghegan (Corsaire/OWASP), 01 April 2003}{\insrsid15012901 
\par }}