From boy at ibuildings.nl  Thu Sep 26 08:31:08 2013
From: boy at ibuildings.nl (Boy Baukema)
Date: Thu, 26 Sep 2013 10:31:08 +0200
Subject: [OWASP Media Project] Adding OWASP AppSecEU13 videos
Message-ID: <CANjEoLmDpxLWnMTZZEWoeCj9JoZO15ypUBTxE9EqJbRqFYYpWw@mail.gmail.com>

Hi,

I read about your project in the Connector and would love it if you could
upload the OWASP AppSec EU 2013 videos to YouTube:
https://www.its.fh-muenster.de/owasp-appseceu13/rooms/

Cheers,
Boy
-------------- next part --------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed...
URL: <http://lists.owasp.org/pipermail/owasp_media_project/attachments/20130926/9f395331/attachment.html>

From jonathan.marcil at owasp.org  Thu Sep 26 17:58:22 2013
From: jonathan.marcil at owasp.org (Jonathan Marcil)
Date: Thu, 26 Sep 2013 13:58:22 -0400
Subject: [OWASP Media Project] AppSecUSA 2013 kickoff recap
Message-ID: <524475BE.7040803@owasp.org>

Hi list,

basically we are gonna make some content for the YouTube channel at
AppSecUSA 2013 during the Projects Summit. Also the Media Project (me)
will be doing a working session in order to give Hangout/YouTube tips to
people and promote the channel.

Samantha, Dinis and me had a conversation by email in a unrelated
thread. Here's the recap:


On Wed, Sep 25, 2013 at 11:22 AM, Jonathan Marcil
<jonathan.marcil at owasp.org> wrote:

Best case scenario would be:
Filming every project leaders briefly presenting their project, to be
put on YouTube later.

Bonus: have a "semi-pro" recording equipment at my disposal. Right now I
have a consumer grade camera that does HD but no microphone system (Yvan
Boily has one that maybe I can borrow). Example of shooting with my
equipment: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ylqs1djNzR0#t=23

Note that I don't want to target "high quality filming" since it's
YouTube and we maybe already have a recording crew for AppSecUSA.

That will takes me time during the two days but I'll still be able to
give a hand to Dinis.




On 2013-09-25 14:26, Samantha Groves wrote:
> Dang!! This is Awesome, Jonathan!! So could you record the workshops for
> Mon-Tues? Do I have that right?
>
> What semi-pro equipment do you need to do that?




On Wed, Sep 25, 2013 at 11:34 AM, Jonathan Marcil
<jonathan.marcil at owasp.org> wrote:

Hum.. I don't know if recording workshops can be that useful, depend on
the content.. I'll leave that to Dinis.

I'm more thinking of doing 1-2 minutes shorts with each project leader
to present their project. It's quick, easy and effective.

For the equipment, I'll manage by myself because you are prolly crazy
busy with other stuff at the conference anyways. I'll do this in late
October or November since I have to it for OWASP Montreal anyways.


On 2013-09-25 14:36, Samantha Groves wrote:
> I see. Ok.
>
> It would be great if you could record the sessions too. Dinis, what do
> you think? When you are up.
>


On Wed, Sep 25, 2013 at 11:41 AM, Jonathan Marcil
<jonathan.marcil at owasp.org> wrote:

Technically it's easier to put the sessions right online on our YouTube
Channel than recording them ;-)

All you need to have is an good Internet connection, Google Hangout, and
with two laptops you get the job done.




On 2013-09-25 14:56, Dinis Cruz wrote:
> Absolutely , I think that is a great idea, there are tons of media
> opportunities at the Summit and AppSec :)
>
> Let's do it!!!!
>
> Can you create a working session for it?



On 25 Sep 2013 20:06, "Jonathan Marcil" <jonathan.marcil at owasp.org> wrote:

Sure.

Working session can be showing off our channel, and giving YouTube and
social media tips from the (to be done) Help page of our project:
https://www.owasp.org/index.php/OWASP_Media_Project#tab=Help

We can use the session to promote the channel with the attendees.






On Wed, Sep 25, 2013 at 12:12 PM, Dinis Cruz <dinis.cruz at owasp.org> wrote:

Ideally we should try go get both things:
- recording / broadcast of the working sessions (for remote
participation and historical record)


- 2 to 5m interview/debrief after the working sessions, to talk about
what was achieved





On 2013-09-25 15:03, Dinis Cruz wrote:
> Jim also has a bunch of equipment that he uses for the podcast , which
> he might be able to bring
> Also have you spoken with Jerry Hoff?





On Wed, Sep 25, 2013 at 12:19 PM, Jonathan Marcil
<jonathan.marcil at owasp.org> wrote:

Yes I have contacted Jerry and Abraham Kang for an idea we discussed at
BlackHat. Got no answers from Jerry yet.

BTW may I suggest we move onto
https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp_media_project

I'll do a recap later of our previous discussion from this thread.




--



If you have something to reply about from this copy/paste, please start
a new thread with the related subject. Thanks.


From samantha.groves at owasp.org  Thu Sep 26 18:01:53 2013
From: samantha.groves at owasp.org (Samantha Groves)
Date: Thu, 26 Sep 2013 11:01:53 -0700
Subject: [OWASP Media Project] AppSecUSA 2013 kickoff recap
In-Reply-To: <524475BE.7040803@owasp.org>
References: <524475BE.7040803@owasp.org>
Message-ID: <CA+EttN8=Hbs5h_vWWJ8FZ64Q1tYvoCZcJ__WELCHizJbS713+g@mail.gmail.com>

Thank you for sending this to the list, Jonathan.


On Thu, Sep 26, 2013 at 10:58 AM, Jonathan Marcil <jonathan.marcil at owasp.org
> wrote:

> Hi list,
>
> basically we are gonna make some content for the YouTube channel at
> AppSecUSA 2013 during the Projects Summit. Also the Media Project (me)
> will be doing a working session in order to give Hangout/YouTube tips to
> people and promote the channel.
>
> Samantha, Dinis and me had a conversation by email in a unrelated
> thread. Here's the recap:
>
>
> On Wed, Sep 25, 2013 at 11:22 AM, Jonathan Marcil
> <jonathan.marcil at owasp.org> wrote:
>
> Best case scenario would be:
> Filming every project leaders briefly presenting their project, to be
> put on YouTube later.
>
> Bonus: have a "semi-pro" recording equipment at my disposal. Right now I
> have a consumer grade camera that does HD but no microphone system (Yvan
> Boily has one that maybe I can borrow). Example of shooting with my
> equipment: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ylqs1djNzR0#t=23
>
> Note that I don't want to target "high quality filming" since it's
> YouTube and we maybe already have a recording crew for AppSecUSA.
>
> That will takes me time during the two days but I'll still be able to
> give a hand to Dinis.
>
>
>
>
> On 2013-09-25 14:26, Samantha Groves wrote:
> > Dang!! This is Awesome, Jonathan!! So could you record the workshops for
> > Mon-Tues? Do I have that right?
> >
> > What semi-pro equipment do you need to do that?
>
>
>
>
> On Wed, Sep 25, 2013 at 11:34 AM, Jonathan Marcil
> <jonathan.marcil at owasp.org> wrote:
>
> Hum.. I don't know if recording workshops can be that useful, depend on
> the content.. I'll leave that to Dinis.
>
> I'm more thinking of doing 1-2 minutes shorts with each project leader
> to present their project. It's quick, easy and effective.
>
> For the equipment, I'll manage by myself because you are prolly crazy
> busy with other stuff at the conference anyways. I'll do this in late
> October or November since I have to it for OWASP Montreal anyways.
>
>
> On 2013-09-25 14:36, Samantha Groves wrote:
> > I see. Ok.
> >
> > It would be great if you could record the sessions too. Dinis, what do
> > you think? When you are up.
> >
>
>
> On Wed, Sep 25, 2013 at 11:41 AM, Jonathan Marcil
> <jonathan.marcil at owasp.org> wrote:
>
> Technically it's easier to put the sessions right online on our YouTube
> Channel than recording them ;-)
>
> All you need to have is an good Internet connection, Google Hangout, and
> with two laptops you get the job done.
>
>
>
>
> On 2013-09-25 14:56, Dinis Cruz wrote:
> > Absolutely , I think that is a great idea, there are tons of media
> > opportunities at the Summit and AppSec :)
> >
> > Let's do it!!!!
> >
> > Can you create a working session for it?
>
>
>
> On 25 Sep 2013 20:06, "Jonathan Marcil" <jonathan.marcil at owasp.org> wrote:
>
> Sure.
>
> Working session can be showing off our channel, and giving YouTube and
> social media tips from the (to be done) Help page of our project:
> https://www.owasp.org/index.php/OWASP_Media_Project#tab=Help
>
> We can use the session to promote the channel with the attendees.
>
>
>
>
>
>
> On Wed, Sep 25, 2013 at 12:12 PM, Dinis Cruz <dinis.cruz at owasp.org> wrote:
>
> Ideally we should try go get both things:
> - recording / broadcast of the working sessions (for remote
> participation and historical record)
>
>
> - 2 to 5m interview/debrief after the working sessions, to talk about
> what was achieved
>
>
>
>
>
> On 2013-09-25 15:03, Dinis Cruz wrote:
> > Jim also has a bunch of equipment that he uses for the podcast , which
> > he might be able to bring
> > Also have you spoken with Jerry Hoff?
>
>
>
>
>
> On Wed, Sep 25, 2013 at 12:19 PM, Jonathan Marcil
> <jonathan.marcil at owasp.org> wrote:
>
> Yes I have contacted Jerry and Abraham Kang for an idea we discussed at
> BlackHat. Got no answers from Jerry yet.
>
> BTW may I suggest we move onto
> https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp_media_project
>
> I'll do a recap later of our previous discussion from this thread.
>
>
>
>
> --
>
>
>
> If you have something to reply about from this copy/paste, please start
> a new thread with the related subject. Thanks.
>
> _______________________________________________
> Owasp_media_project mailing list
> Owasp_media_project at lists.owasp.org
> https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp_media_project
>



-- 

*Samantha Groves, MBA*****

*OWASP Projects Manager*

*
*

The OWASP Foundation

Phoenix, USA

Email: samantha.groves at owasp.org

Skype: samanthahz


OWASP Global Projects<https://www.owasp.org/index.php/Category:OWASP_Project>

Book a Meeting with Me <http://goo.gl/mZXdZ>

OWASP Contact US Form <http://owasp4.owasp.org/contactus.html>

New Project Application
Form<https://docs.google.com/a/owasp.org/spreadsheet/viewform?formkey=dHZfWGhHZ0Z4UFFwZU42djBXcVVLSlE6MQ#gid=0>
-------------- next part --------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed...
URL: <http://lists.owasp.org/pipermail/owasp_media_project/attachments/20130926/a6def1a0/attachment.html>

From jonathan.marcil at owasp.org  Thu Sep 26 18:13:01 2013
From: jonathan.marcil at owasp.org (Jonathan Marcil)
Date: Thu, 26 Sep 2013 14:13:01 -0400
Subject: [OWASP Media Project] Adding OWASP AppSecEU13 videos
In-Reply-To: <CANjEoLmDpxLWnMTZZEWoeCj9JoZO15ypUBTxE9EqJbRqFYYpWw@mail.gmail.com>
References: <CANjEoLmDpxLWnMTZZEWoeCj9JoZO15ypUBTxE9EqJbRqFYYpWw@mail.gmail.com>
Message-ID: <5244792D.3040400@owasp.org>

Hi Boy,

it's currently #3 on the roadmap (almost next) :
https://www.owasp.org/index.php/OWASP_Media_Project#tab=Roadmap

I have theses AppSecEU videos in my bookmarks since a while, so it will
be done.

Please notify us if you have more videos from AppSecEU later.

Thanks,

- Jonathan


On 2013-09-26 04:31, Boy Baukema wrote:
> Hi,
> 
> I read about your project in the Connector and would love it if you
> could upload the OWASP AppSec EU 2013 videos to
> YouTube: https://www.its.fh-muenster.de/owasp-appseceu13/rooms/
> 
> Cheers,
> Boy
> 
> 
> _______________________________________________
> Owasp_media_project mailing list
> Owasp_media_project at lists.owasp.org
> https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp_media_project
> 

From dinis.cruz at owasp.org  Thu Sep 26 19:24:22 2013
From: dinis.cruz at owasp.org (Dinis Cruz)
Date: Thu, 26 Sep 2013 20:24:22 +0100
Subject: [OWASP Media Project] AppSecUSA 2013 kickoff recap
In-Reply-To: <524475BE.7040803@owasp.org>
References: <524475BE.7040803@owasp.org>
Message-ID: <CA+f=kXD8CHQkJRWxye_dL9qVBa8tQp7T0K0Oe9uh=eeh2deUdQ@mail.gmail.com>

Sounds good, can you also drop a note to the summit list?
On 26 Sep 2013 18:58, "Jonathan Marcil" <jonathan.marcil at owasp.org> wrote:

> Hi list,
>
> basically we are gonna make some content for the YouTube channel at
> AppSecUSA 2013 during the Projects Summit. Also the Media Project (me)
> will be doing a working session in order to give Hangout/YouTube tips to
> people and promote the channel.
>
> Samantha, Dinis and me had a conversation by email in a unrelated
> thread. Here's the recap:
>
>
> On Wed, Sep 25, 2013 at 11:22 AM, Jonathan Marcil
> <jonathan.marcil at owasp.org> wrote:
>
> Best case scenario would be:
> Filming every project leaders briefly presenting their project, to be
> put on YouTube later.
>
> Bonus: have a "semi-pro" recording equipment at my disposal. Right now I
> have a consumer grade camera that does HD but no microphone system (Yvan
> Boily has one that maybe I can borrow). Example of shooting with my
> equipment: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ylqs1djNzR0#t=23
>
> Note that I don't want to target "high quality filming" since it's
> YouTube and we maybe already have a recording crew for AppSecUSA.
>
> That will takes me time during the two days but I'll still be able to
> give a hand to Dinis.
>
>
>
>
> On 2013-09-25 14:26, Samantha Groves wrote:
> > Dang!! This is Awesome, Jonathan!! So could you record the workshops for
> > Mon-Tues? Do I have that right?
> >
> > What semi-pro equipment do you need to do that?
>
>
>
>
> On Wed, Sep 25, 2013 at 11:34 AM, Jonathan Marcil
> <jonathan.marcil at owasp.org> wrote:
>
> Hum.. I don't know if recording workshops can be that useful, depend on
> the content.. I'll leave that to Dinis.
>
> I'm more thinking of doing 1-2 minutes shorts with each project leader
> to present their project. It's quick, easy and effective.
>
> For the equipment, I'll manage by myself because you are prolly crazy
> busy with other stuff at the conference anyways. I'll do this in late
> October or November since I have to it for OWASP Montreal anyways.
>
>
> On 2013-09-25 14:36, Samantha Groves wrote:
> > I see. Ok.
> >
> > It would be great if you could record the sessions too. Dinis, what do
> > you think? When you are up.
> >
>
>
> On Wed, Sep 25, 2013 at 11:41 AM, Jonathan Marcil
> <jonathan.marcil at owasp.org> wrote:
>
> Technically it's easier to put the sessions right online on our YouTube
> Channel than recording them ;-)
>
> All you need to have is an good Internet connection, Google Hangout, and
> with two laptops you get the job done.
>
>
>
>
> On 2013-09-25 14:56, Dinis Cruz wrote:
> > Absolutely , I think that is a great idea, there are tons of media
> > opportunities at the Summit and AppSec :)
> >
> > Let's do it!!!!
> >
> > Can you create a working session for it?
>
>
>
> On 25 Sep 2013 20:06, "Jonathan Marcil" <jonathan.marcil at owasp.org> wrote:
>
> Sure.
>
> Working session can be showing off our channel, and giving YouTube and
> social media tips from the (to be done) Help page of our project:
> https://www.owasp.org/index.php/OWASP_Media_Project#tab=Help
>
> We can use the session to promote the channel with the attendees.
>
>
>
>
>
>
> On Wed, Sep 25, 2013 at 12:12 PM, Dinis Cruz <dinis.cruz at owasp.org> wrote:
>
> Ideally we should try go get both things:
> - recording / broadcast of the working sessions (for remote
> participation and historical record)
>
>
> - 2 to 5m interview/debrief after the working sessions, to talk about
> what was achieved
>
>
>
>
>
> On 2013-09-25 15:03, Dinis Cruz wrote:
> > Jim also has a bunch of equipment that he uses for the podcast , which
> > he might be able to bring
> > Also have you spoken with Jerry Hoff?
>
>
>
>
>
> On Wed, Sep 25, 2013 at 12:19 PM, Jonathan Marcil
> <jonathan.marcil at owasp.org> wrote:
>
> Yes I have contacted Jerry and Abraham Kang for an idea we discussed at
> BlackHat. Got no answers from Jerry yet.
>
> BTW may I suggest we move onto
> https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp_media_project
>
> I'll do a recap later of our previous discussion from this thread.
>
>
>
>
> --
>
>
>
> If you have something to reply about from this copy/paste, please start
> a new thread with the related subject. Thanks.
>
> _______________________________________________
> Owasp_media_project mailing list
> Owasp_media_project at lists.owasp.org
> https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp_media_project
>
-------------- next part --------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed...
URL: <http://lists.owasp.org/pipermail/owasp_media_project/attachments/20130926/bac3f036/attachment-0001.html>

From jonathan.marcil at owasp.org  Thu Sep 26 20:35:39 2013
From: jonathan.marcil at owasp.org (Jonathan Marcil)
Date: Thu, 26 Sep 2013 16:35:39 -0400
Subject: [OWASP Media Project] AppSecUSA 2013 kickoff recap
In-Reply-To: <CA+f=kXD8CHQkJRWxye_dL9qVBa8tQp7T0K0Oe9uh=eeh2deUdQ@mail.gmail.com>
References: <524475BE.7040803@owasp.org>
	<CA+f=kXD8CHQkJRWxye_dL9qVBa8tQp7T0K0Oe9uh=eeh2deUdQ@mail.gmail.com>
Message-ID: <52449A9B.9080007@owasp.org>

I already did!

I haven't started a new thread, but had put responses where Media
Project is relevant.




On 2013-09-26 15:24, Dinis Cruz wrote:
> Sounds good, can you also drop a note to the summit list?
> 
> On 26 Sep 2013 18:58, "Jonathan Marcil" <jonathan.marcil at owasp.org
> <mailto:jonathan.marcil at owasp.org>> wrote:
> 
>     Hi list,
> 
>     basically we are gonna make some content for the YouTube channel at
>     AppSecUSA 2013 during the Projects Summit. Also the Media Project (me)
>     will be doing a working session in order to give Hangout/YouTube tips to
>     people and promote the channel.
> 
>     Samantha, Dinis and me had a conversation by email in a unrelated
>     thread. Here's the recap:
> 
> 
>     On Wed, Sep 25, 2013 at 11:22 AM, Jonathan Marcil
>     <jonathan.marcil at owasp.org <mailto:jonathan.marcil at owasp.org>> wrote:
> 
>     Best case scenario would be:
>     Filming every project leaders briefly presenting their project, to be
>     put on YouTube later.
> 
>     Bonus: have a "semi-pro" recording equipment at my disposal. Right now I
>     have a consumer grade camera that does HD but no microphone system (Yvan
>     Boily has one that maybe I can borrow). Example of shooting with my
>     equipment: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ylqs1djNzR0#t=23
> 
>     Note that I don't want to target "high quality filming" since it's
>     YouTube and we maybe already have a recording crew for AppSecUSA.
> 
>     That will takes me time during the two days but I'll still be able to
>     give a hand to Dinis.
> 
> 
> 
> 
>     On 2013-09-25 14:26, Samantha Groves wrote:
>     > Dang!! This is Awesome, Jonathan!! So could you record the
>     workshops for
>     > Mon-Tues? Do I have that right?
>     >
>     > What semi-pro equipment do you need to do that?
> 
> 
> 
> 
>     On Wed, Sep 25, 2013 at 11:34 AM, Jonathan Marcil
>     <jonathan.marcil at owasp.org <mailto:jonathan.marcil at owasp.org>> wrote:
> 
>     Hum.. I don't know if recording workshops can be that useful, depend on
>     the content.. I'll leave that to Dinis.
> 
>     I'm more thinking of doing 1-2 minutes shorts with each project leader
>     to present their project. It's quick, easy and effective.
> 
>     For the equipment, I'll manage by myself because you are prolly crazy
>     busy with other stuff at the conference anyways. I'll do this in late
>     October or November since I have to it for OWASP Montreal anyways.
> 
> 
>     On 2013-09-25 14:36, Samantha Groves wrote:
>     > I see. Ok.
>     >
>     > It would be great if you could record the sessions too. Dinis, what do
>     > you think? When you are up.
>     >
> 
> 
>     On Wed, Sep 25, 2013 at 11:41 AM, Jonathan Marcil
>     <jonathan.marcil at owasp.org <mailto:jonathan.marcil at owasp.org>> wrote:
> 
>     Technically it's easier to put the sessions right online on our YouTube
>     Channel than recording them ;-)
> 
>     All you need to have is an good Internet connection, Google Hangout, and
>     with two laptops you get the job done.
> 
> 
> 
> 
>     On 2013-09-25 14:56, Dinis Cruz wrote:
>     > Absolutely , I think that is a great idea, there are tons of media
>     > opportunities at the Summit and AppSec :)
>     >
>     > Let's do it!!!!
>     >
>     > Can you create a working session for it?
> 
> 
> 
>     On 25 Sep 2013 20:06, "Jonathan Marcil" <jonathan.marcil at owasp.org
>     <mailto:jonathan.marcil at owasp.org>> wrote:
> 
>     Sure.
> 
>     Working session can be showing off our channel, and giving YouTube and
>     social media tips from the (to be done) Help page of our project:
>     https://www.owasp.org/index.php/OWASP_Media_Project#tab=Help
> 
>     We can use the session to promote the channel with the attendees.
> 
> 
> 
> 
> 
> 
>     On Wed, Sep 25, 2013 at 12:12 PM, Dinis Cruz <dinis.cruz at owasp.org
>     <mailto:dinis.cruz at owasp.org>> wrote:
> 
>     Ideally we should try go get both things:
>     - recording / broadcast of the working sessions (for remote
>     participation and historical record)
> 
> 
>     - 2 to 5m interview/debrief after the working sessions, to talk about
>     what was achieved
> 
> 
> 
> 
> 
>     On 2013-09-25 15:03, Dinis Cruz wrote:
>     > Jim also has a bunch of equipment that he uses for the podcast , which
>     > he might be able to bring
>     > Also have you spoken with Jerry Hoff?
> 
> 
> 
> 
> 
>     On Wed, Sep 25, 2013 at 12:19 PM, Jonathan Marcil
>     <jonathan.marcil at owasp.org <mailto:jonathan.marcil at owasp.org>> wrote:
> 
>     Yes I have contacted Jerry and Abraham Kang for an idea we discussed at
>     BlackHat. Got no answers from Jerry yet.
> 
>     BTW may I suggest we move onto
>     https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp_media_project
> 
>     I'll do a recap later of our previous discussion from this thread.
> 
> 
> 
> 
>     --
> 
> 
> 
>     If you have something to reply about from this copy/paste, please start
>     a new thread with the related subject. Thanks.
> 
>     _______________________________________________
>     Owasp_media_project mailing list
>     Owasp_media_project at lists.owasp.org
>     <mailto:Owasp_media_project at lists.owasp.org>
>     https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp_media_project
> 

From boy at ibuildings.nl  Fri Sep 27 08:13:17 2013
From: boy at ibuildings.nl (Boy Baukema)
Date: Fri, 27 Sep 2013 10:13:17 +0200
Subject: [OWASP Media Project] Adding OWASP AppSecEU13 videos
In-Reply-To: <5244792D.3040400@owasp.org>
References: <CANjEoLmDpxLWnMTZZEWoeCj9JoZO15ypUBTxE9EqJbRqFYYpWw@mail.gmail.com>
	<5244792D.3040400@owasp.org>
Message-ID: <CANjEoLmjLzn3nvzanzO_b5n7F7powOBGf81afemWUywn-w_e5Q@mail.gmail.com>

Hi Jonathan,

Awesome.
Let me know how if and how I can help (setting metadata?).

On Thu, Sep 26, 2013 at 8:13 PM, Jonathan Marcil
<jonathan.marcil at owasp.org>wrote:

> it's currently #3 on the roadmap (almost next) :
> https://www.owasp.org/index.php/OWASP_Media_Project#tab=Roadmap
>
> I have theses AppSecEU videos in my bookmarks since a while, so it will
> be done.
>
> Please notify us if you have more videos from AppSecEU later.
>
> On 2013-09-26 04:31, Boy Baukema wrote:
> > I read about your project in the Connector and would love it if you
> > could upload the OWASP AppSec EU 2013 videos to
> > YouTube: https://www.its.fh-muenster.de/owasp-appseceu13/rooms/
>

Cheers,
-- 
ibuildings
WEB & MOBILE APP DEVELOPMENT

ing. Boy Baukema
Software Engineer

phone (direct): +31 88 00 24 072
mobile: +31 6 44 10 27 48
skype: boy-ibuildings
e-mail: boy at ibuildings.nl
phone: +31 88 00 24 000
www.ibuildings.nl

To all agreements with Ibuildings.nl BV, our general terms and
conditions<http://www.ibuildings.nl/algemene_voorwaarden>apply.
-------------- next part --------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed...
URL: <http://lists.owasp.org/pipermail/owasp_media_project/attachments/20130927/4232496f/attachment.html>

