From yvanboily at gmail.com  Wed Apr  4 17:42:35 2012
From: yvanboily at gmail.com (Yvan Boily)
Date: Wed, 4 Apr 2012 10:42:35 -0700
Subject: [Owasp-vancouver] April, May, June, and July sessions
Message-ID: <CAD_ZbKxSHX9LmcWa8Curh-z2XC89ZfN=eAczO8BLO+pbZw8-oQ@mail.gmail.com>

Hi All,

I am still looking for speakers or topics for these four months, and
for June and July, I am also looking for someone to help coordinate
the meetings.

If you have some topic that is interesting that:
- you would like to learn more about
- you would like to share your research / experiences with
- you think is interesting to discuss

Please let us know; if you know of a speaker locally that might be
interesting, let me know and I will see if we can get them in!

Cheers,
Yvan Boily

From dbavedb at shaw.ca  Thu Apr  5 18:03:10 2012
From: dbavedb at shaw.ca (David Klassen)
Date: Thu, 05 Apr 2012 12:03:10 -0600 (MDT)
Subject: [Owasp-vancouver] Owasp-vancouver Digest, Vol 40, Issue 1
In-Reply-To: <mailman.37.1333627206.24068.owasp-vancouver@lists.owasp.org>
Message-ID: <31aff288-19c5-4c71-b088-5c05e9021b84@cds003.dcs.int.inet>

I really like having this group, and I've noticed there are a few regulars. I like meeting-up to discuss the latest sec news, inside of the scheduled talk occurrences. I am not sure how many people on the list showed up to the BrowserID/SQLi presentations, but they were great.

How many of us went to RSA/CanSecWest or other conferences in the last year, maybe a meeting where we get together and share stuff we learned or witnessed at the conferences etc. A talk/discussion aimed at attack, defense, or even process related issues would be interesting to be a part of for April. 

I'm also thinking it would be neat to have a demo on XSS, with an actual applied attack vector showing a real(or scary) compromise. All the XSS that have been published in the news this year with just the alert box, might be causing our imagination to wain. A presentation going the distance, showing some real compromise of a user session etc. might be a valuable/visual exercise. Perhaps the OWASP Appsec Tutorial is enough (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_Z9RQSnf8-g), but I would like to see an actual set of Javascript performing something malicious, so the people I am talking to can really get how practical/important the issue is (without having to use their imagination). Of course given that I just started attending 2012, perhaps I've missed out on this same talk from last year? I guess I should just search youtube right?

Myself I have been looking into information on BSIMM/CLASP/SDL models/processes this last year. I know we are more focused on CLASP, but what I think is the most valuable is the widest array of information, because it may have the potential to inform attendees of things they haven't considered (and that is kind of necessary in the security profession). I would be willing to give a talk on what I've learned, but I am still something of a newbie to this kind of religion (less than a year). I don't really have a great network of sec-friends, so I can't really offer to coordinate the meetings. Anyone who has a bunch of connections and could invite/organize new speakers for each month, would be best for this role I think.



----- Original Message -----
From: owasp-vancouver-request at lists.owasp.org
To: owasp-vancouver at lists.owasp.org
Sent: Thursday, April 5, 2012 5:00:06 AM
Subject: Owasp-vancouver Digest, Vol 40, Issue 1

Send Owasp-vancouver mailing list submissions to
	owasp-vancouver at lists.owasp.org

To subscribe or unsubscribe via the World Wide Web, visit
	https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-vancouver
or, via email, send a message with subject or body 'help' to
	owasp-vancouver-request at lists.owasp.org

You can reach the person managing the list at
	owasp-vancouver-owner at lists.owasp.org

When replying, please edit your Subject line so it is more specific
than "Re: Contents of Owasp-vancouver digest..."


Today's Topics:

   1. April, May, June, and July sessions (Yvan Boily)


----------------------------------------------------------------------

Message: 1
Date: Wed, 4 Apr 2012 10:42:35 -0700
From: Yvan Boily <yvanboily at gmail.com>
To: owasp-vancouver at lists.owasp.org
Subject: [Owasp-vancouver] April, May, June, and July sessions
Message-ID:
	<CAD_ZbKxSHX9LmcWa8Curh-z2XC89ZfN=eAczO8BLO+pbZw8-oQ at mail.gmail.com>
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=ISO-8859-1

Hi All,

I am still looking for speakers or topics for these four months, and
for June and July, I am also looking for someone to help coordinate
the meetings.

If you have some topic that is interesting that:
- you would like to learn more about
- you would like to share your research / experiences with
- you think is interesting to discuss

Please let us know; if you know of a speaker locally that might be
interesting, let me know and I will see if we can get them in!

Cheers,
Yvan Boily


------------------------------

_______________________________________________
Owasp-vancouver mailing list
Owasp-vancouver at lists.owasp.org
https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-vancouver


End of Owasp-vancouver Digest, Vol 40, Issue 1
**********************************************

From iduncan at xornot.com  Thu Apr  5 19:47:59 2012
From: iduncan at xornot.com (Iain Duncan)
Date: Thu, 5 Apr 2012 12:47:59 -0700
Subject: [Owasp-vancouver] April, May, June, and July sessions
In-Reply-To: <CAD_ZbKxSHX9LmcWa8Curh-z2XC89ZfN=eAczO8BLO+pbZw8-oQ@mail.gmail.com>
References: <CAD_ZbKxSHX9LmcWa8Curh-z2XC89ZfN=eAczO8BLO+pbZw8-oQ@mail.gmail.com>
Message-ID: <CADjmq0gU1edP5CjANfiZbmzaQSvM5VHUc3zdtDo17TG6s0Zcfw@mail.gmail.com>

I'd be happy to give a talk on how the Python  Pyramid framework and
related families of framework ( Zope 3, Grok ) handle authorization in
application architecture. It's very elegant system that makes it very hard
to make a whole class of common security error in application design, and
makes it really easy to re-use code across different kinds of request (
http, ajax, http for different targets, etc).  The same pattern is no doubt
used in some other languages too, my experience with it comes from Python
though, and within Python it's unique to that family of framework. It would
be slanted towards application architecture designers though, but would
probably be interesting to pen testers too.

Iain

On Wed, Apr 4, 2012 at 10:42 AM, Yvan Boily <yvanboily at gmail.com> wrote:

> Hi All,
>
> I am still looking for speakers or topics for these four months, and
> for June and July, I am also looking for someone to help coordinate
> the meetings.
>
> If you have some topic that is interesting that:
> - you would like to learn more about
> - you would like to share your research / experiences with
> - you think is interesting to discuss
>
> Please let us know; if you know of a speaker locally that might be
> interesting, let me know and I will see if we can get them in!
>
> Cheers,
> Yvan Boily
> _______________________________________________
> Owasp-vancouver mailing list
> Owasp-vancouver at lists.owasp.org
> https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-vancouver
>

From greg at fullspeed.tv  Fri Apr  6 00:58:20 2012
From: greg at fullspeed.tv (Greg Ahira)
Date: Fri, 6 Apr 2012 00:58:20 +0000
Subject: [Owasp-vancouver] April, May, June, and July sessions
In-Reply-To: <CADjmq0gU1edP5CjANfiZbmzaQSvM5VHUc3zdtDo17TG6s0Zcfw@mail.gmail.com>
References: <CAD_ZbKxSHX9LmcWa8Curh-z2XC89ZfN=eAczO8BLO+pbZw8-oQ@mail.gmail.com>,
	<CADjmq0gU1edP5CjANfiZbmzaQSvM5VHUc3zdtDo17TG6s0Zcfw@mail.gmail.com>
Message-ID: <BD9B3270-A80D-4990-A0EB-7FDF8444DA83@fullspeed.tv>

I would be interested in this from a pen testing perspective.

Cheers,
Greg Ahira

On Apr 5, 2012, at 12:48 PM, "Iain Duncan" <iduncan at xornot.com> wrote:

> I'd be happy to give a talk on how the Python  Pyramid framework and
> related families of framework ( Zope 3, Grok ) handle authorization in
> application architecture. It's very elegant system that makes it very hard
> to make a whole class of common security error in application design, and
> makes it really easy to re-use code across different kinds of request (
> http, ajax, http for different targets, etc).  The same pattern is no doubt
> used in some other languages too, my experience with it comes from Python
> though, and within Python it's unique to that family of framework. It would
> be slanted towards application architecture designers though, but would
> probably be interesting to pen testers too.
> 
> Iain
> 
> On Wed, Apr 4, 2012 at 10:42 AM, Yvan Boily <yvanboily at gmail.com> wrote:
> 
>> Hi All,
>> 
>> I am still looking for speakers or topics for these four months, and
>> for June and July, I am also looking for someone to help coordinate
>> the meetings.
>> 
>> If you have some topic that is interesting that:
>> - you would like to learn more about
>> - you would like to share your research / experiences with
>> - you think is interesting to discuss
>> 
>> Please let us know; if you know of a speaker locally that might be
>> interesting, let me know and I will see if we can get them in!
>> 
>> Cheers,
>> Yvan Boily
>> _______________________________________________
>> Owasp-vancouver mailing list
>> Owasp-vancouver at lists.owasp.org
>> https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-vancouver
>> 
> _______________________________________________
> Owasp-vancouver mailing list
> Owasp-vancouver at lists.owasp.org
> https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-vancouver

From tjsiry at gmail.com  Fri Apr  6 05:48:27 2012
From: tjsiry at gmail.com (Thomas Siry)
Date: Thu, 5 Apr 2012 22:48:27 -0700
Subject: [Owasp-vancouver] April, May, June, and July sessions
In-Reply-To: <BD9B3270-A80D-4990-A0EB-7FDF8444DA83@fullspeed.tv>
References: <CAD_ZbKxSHX9LmcWa8Curh-z2XC89ZfN=eAczO8BLO+pbZw8-oQ@mail.gmail.com>
	<CADjmq0gU1edP5CjANfiZbmzaQSvM5VHUc3zdtDo17TG6s0Zcfw@mail.gmail.com>
	<BD9B3270-A80D-4990-A0EB-7FDF8444DA83@fullspeed.tv>
Message-ID: <CAEBb1e27=wCqaKisWNqxT4OJnbn-mbaZQa1N27jhzRBSYA1q_Q@mail.gmail.com>

Up to the group, I don't plan on putting anybody to sleep but...

With the recent PCI drama I'd be happy to talk PCI compliance to folks
willing to listen. Knowing that our group is very technical I'd scope the
discussions specifically to web applications/eCommerce. Something on the
lines of A)  how to pass compliance (specific to applications/eCommerce) B)
potential scope reduction, and c) implementing a compliant DMZ. It will *not
* be a general PCI compliance over view (unless you all want me to?). Most
likely not enough to fill up a full two hour session so I'd have to team up
with somebody on another subject topic.

All ears. E-mail me back or tweet me @westcoastqsa

T

On Thu, Apr 5, 2012 at 5:58 PM, Greg Ahira <greg at fullspeed.tv> wrote:

> I would be interested in this from a pen testing perspective.
>
> Cheers,
> Greg Ahira
>
> On Apr 5, 2012, at 12:48 PM, "Iain Duncan" <iduncan at xornot.com> wrote:
>
> > I'd be happy to give a talk on how the Python  Pyramid framework and
> > related families of framework ( Zope 3, Grok ) handle authorization in
> > application architecture. It's very elegant system that makes it very
> hard
> > to make a whole class of common security error in application design, and
> > makes it really easy to re-use code across different kinds of request (
> > http, ajax, http for different targets, etc).  The same pattern is no
> doubt
> > used in some other languages too, my experience with it comes from Python
> > though, and within Python it's unique to that family of framework. It
> would
> > be slanted towards application architecture designers though, but would
> > probably be interesting to pen testers too.
> >
> > Iain
> >
> > On Wed, Apr 4, 2012 at 10:42 AM, Yvan Boily <yvanboily at gmail.com> wrote:
> >
> >> Hi All,
> >>
> >> I am still looking for speakers or topics for these four months, and
> >> for June and July, I am also looking for someone to help coordinate
> >> the meetings.
> >>
> >> If you have some topic that is interesting that:
> >> - you would like to learn more about
> >> - you would like to share your research / experiences with
> >> - you think is interesting to discuss
> >>
> >> Please let us know; if you know of a speaker locally that might be
> >> interesting, let me know and I will see if we can get them in!
> >>
> >> Cheers,
> >> Yvan Boily
> >> _______________________________________________
> >> Owasp-vancouver mailing list
> >> Owasp-vancouver at lists.owasp.org
> >> https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-vancouver
> >>
> > _______________________________________________
> > Owasp-vancouver mailing list
> > Owasp-vancouver at lists.owasp.org
> > https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-vancouver
> _______________________________________________
> Owasp-vancouver mailing list
> Owasp-vancouver at lists.owasp.org
> https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-vancouver
>

From andym at mozilla.com  Mon Apr  9 15:41:01 2012
From: andym at mozilla.com (Andy McKay)
Date: Mon, 9 Apr 2012 08:41:01 -0700 (PDT)
Subject: [Owasp-vancouver] April, May, June, and July sessions
In-Reply-To: <CAEBb1e27=wCqaKisWNqxT4OJnbn-mbaZQa1N27jhzRBSYA1q_Q@mail.gmail.com>
Message-ID: <101590316.262220.1333986061831.JavaMail.root@zmmbox1.mail.corp.phx1.mozilla.com>

I'd be interested in that, but I'm unsure what the recent PCI drama is :)

----- Original Message -----
From: "Thomas Siry" <tjsiry at gmail.com>
To: "Yvan Boily" <yvanboily at gmail.com>
Cc: owasp-vancouver at lists.owasp.org
Sent: Thursday, April 5, 2012 10:48:27 PM
Subject: Re: [Owasp-vancouver] April, May, June, and July sessions

Up to the group, I don't plan on putting anybody to sleep but...

With the recent PCI drama I'd be happy to talk PCI compliance to folks
willing to listen. Knowing that our group is very technical I'd scope the
discussions specifically to web applications/eCommerce. Something on the
lines of A)  how to pass compliance (specific to applications/eCommerce) B)
potential scope reduction, and c) implementing a compliant DMZ. It will *not
* be a general PCI compliance over view (unless you all want me to?). Most
likely not enough to fill up a full two hour session so I'd have to team up
with somebody on another subject topic.

All ears. E-mail me back or tweet me @westcoastqsa

T

On Thu, Apr 5, 2012 at 5:58 PM, Greg Ahira <greg at fullspeed.tv> wrote:

> I would be interested in this from a pen testing perspective.
>
> Cheers,
> Greg Ahira
>
> On Apr 5, 2012, at 12:48 PM, "Iain Duncan" <iduncan at xornot.com> wrote:
>
> > I'd be happy to give a talk on how the Python  Pyramid framework and
> > related families of framework ( Zope 3, Grok ) handle authorization in
> > application architecture. It's very elegant system that makes it very
> hard
> > to make a whole class of common security error in application design, and
> > makes it really easy to re-use code across different kinds of request (
> > http, ajax, http for different targets, etc).  The same pattern is no
> doubt
> > used in some other languages too, my experience with it comes from Python
> > though, and within Python it's unique to that family of framework. It
> would
> > be slanted towards application architecture designers though, but would
> > probably be interesting to pen testers too.
> >
> > Iain
> >
> > On Wed, Apr 4, 2012 at 10:42 AM, Yvan Boily <yvanboily at gmail.com> wrote:
> >
> >> Hi All,
> >>
> >> I am still looking for speakers or topics for these four months, and
> >> for June and July, I am also looking for someone to help coordinate
> >> the meetings.
> >>
> >> If you have some topic that is interesting that:
> >> - you would like to learn more about
> >> - you would like to share your research / experiences with
> >> - you think is interesting to discuss
> >>
> >> Please let us know; if you know of a speaker locally that might be
> >> interesting, let me know and I will see if we can get them in!
> >>
> >> Cheers,
> >> Yvan Boily
> >> _______________________________________________
> >> Owasp-vancouver mailing list
> >> Owasp-vancouver at lists.owasp.org
> >> https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-vancouver
> >>
> > _______________________________________________
> > Owasp-vancouver mailing list
> > Owasp-vancouver at lists.owasp.org
> > https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-vancouver
> _______________________________________________
> Owasp-vancouver mailing list
> Owasp-vancouver at lists.owasp.org
> https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-vancouver
>

_______________________________________________
Owasp-vancouver mailing list
Owasp-vancouver at lists.owasp.org
https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-vancouver

From ruiper at wavefrontcg.com  Mon Apr  9 16:47:40 2012
From: ruiper at wavefrontcg.com (Rui Pereira (WCG))
Date: Mon, 9 Apr 2012 09:47:40 -0700
Subject: [Owasp-vancouver] FW:  April, May, June, and July sessions
Message-ID: <005b01cd1670$7c636790$752a36b0$@com>

 

 

 

From: RUIPER at WAVEFRONTCG.com [mailto:RUIPER at WAVEFRONTCG.com] 
Sent: April 9, 2012 9:41 AM
To: Andy McKay
Subject: Re: [Owasp-vancouver] April, May, June, and July sessions

 

I think the reference was to the recent Global Payments breach www.forbes.com/sites/andygreenberg/2012/04/01/global-payments-pegs-security-breach-at-1.5-million-credit-cards-as-visa-decertifies-processor-firm/

Sent from my HTC



Thank You 

Rui Pereira,B.Sc.(Hons),CIPS ISP,CISSP,CISA,CWNA/CWSP,CPTE/CPTC
Principal Consultant 

WaveFront Consulting Group 
Certified Information Systems Security Professionals

Member Procyon Security Group

ruiper at wavefrontcg.com | www.wavefrontcg.com | 1 604 961-0701 

This email and any files transmitted with it are confidential and intended solely for the use of the individual or entity to whom they are addressed. Please notify the sender immediately by e-mail if you have received this e-mail in error and delete this e-mail from your system. If you are not the intended recipient you are notified that disclosing, copying, distributing or taking any action in reliance on the contents of this information is strictly prohibited.

 

----- Reply message -----
From: "Andy McKay" <andym at mozilla.com>
Date: Mon, Apr 9, 2012 08:41
Subject: [Owasp-vancouver] April, May, June, and July sessions
To: "Thomas Siry" <tjsiry at gmail.com>
Cc: <owasp-vancouver at lists.owasp.org>


I'd be interested in that, but I'm unsure what the recent PCI drama is :)

----- Original Message -----
From: "Thomas Siry" <tjsiry at gmail.com>
To: "Yvan Boily" <yvanboily at gmail.com>
Cc: owasp-vancouver at lists.owasp.org
Sent: Thursday, April 5, 2012 10:48:27 PM
Subject: Re: [Owasp-vancouver] April, May, June, and July sessions

Up to the group, I don't plan on putting anybody to sleep but...

With the recent PCI drama I'd be happy to talk PCI compliance to folks
willing to listen. Knowing that our group is very technical I'd scope the
discussions specifically to web applications/eCommerce. Something on the
lines of A)  how to pass compliance (specific to applications/eCommerce) B)
potential scope reduction, and c) implementing a compliant DMZ. It will *not
* be a general PCI compliance over view (unless you all want me to?). Most
likely not enough to fill up a full two hour session so I'd have to team up
with somebody on another subject topic.

All ears. E-mail me back or tweet me @westcoastqsa

T

On Thu, Apr 5, 2012 at 5:58 PM, Greg Ahira <greg at fullspeed.tv> wrote:

> I would be interested in this from a pen testing perspective.
>
> Cheers,
> Greg Ahira
>
> On Apr 5, 2012, at 12:48 PM, "Iain Duncan" <iduncan at xornot.com> wrote:
>
> > I'd be happy to give a talk on how the Python  Pyramid framework and
> > related families of framework ( Zope 3, Grok ) handle authorization in
> > application architecture. It's very elegant system that makes it very
> hard
> > to make a whole class of common security error in application design, and
> > makes it really easy to re-use code across different kinds of request (
> > http, ajax, http for different targets, etc).  The same pattern is no
> doubt
> > used in some other languages too, my experience with it comes from Python
> > though, and within Python it's unique to that family of framework. It
> would
> > be slanted towards application architecture designers though, but would
> > probably be interesting to pen testers too.
> >
> > Iain
> >
> > On Wed, Apr 4, 2012 at 10:42 AM, Yvan Boily <yvanboily at gmail.com> wrote:
> >
> >> Hi All,
> >>
> >> I am still looking for speakers or topics for these four months, and
> >> for June and July, I am also looking for someone to help coordinate
> >> the meetings.
> >>
> >> If you have some topic that is interesting that:
> >> - you would like to learn more about
> >> - you would like to share your research / experiences with
> >> - you think is interesting to discuss
> >>
> >> Please let us know; if you know of a speaker locally that might be
> >> interesting, let me know and I will see if we can get them in!
> >>
> >> Cheers,
> >> Yvan Boily




From tjsiry at gmail.com  Mon Apr  9 17:13:23 2012
From: tjsiry at gmail.com (Thomas Siry)
Date: Mon, 9 Apr 2012 10:13:23 -0700
Subject: [Owasp-vancouver] FW: April, May, June, and July sessions
In-Reply-To: <005b01cd1670$7c636790$752a36b0$@com>
References: <005b01cd1670$7c636790$752a36b0$@com>
Message-ID: <CAEBb1e2AXJFKf5w5cRJNJLypSGeXwa_4JA0bCeRt6hgUjz1iew@mail.gmail.com>

Rui is correct.

Seeing how one person is interested (woot!) I'll start drafting up some
materials. I'll need somebody to take the next hour on a different topic as
mine will only be a hour in duration. Discussion about a web application
firewall would be very suiting if there are any volunteers....

Cheers

Tom (@westcoastqsa)

On Mon, Apr 9, 2012 at 9:47 AM, Rui Pereira (WCG) <ruiper at wavefrontcg.com>wrote:

>
>
>
>
>
>
> From: RUIPER at WAVEFRONTCG.com [mailto:RUIPER at WAVEFRONTCG.com]
> Sent: April 9, 2012 9:41 AM
> To: Andy McKay
> Subject: Re: [Owasp-vancouver] April, May, June, and July sessions
>
>
>
> I think the reference was to the recent Global Payments breach
> www.forbes.com/sites/andygreenberg/2012/04/01/global-payments-pegs-security-breach-at-1.5-million-credit-cards-as-visa-decertifies-processor-firm/
>
> Sent from my HTC
>
>
>
> Thank You
>
> Rui Pereira,B.Sc.(Hons),CIPS ISP,CISSP,CISA,CWNA/CWSP,CPTE/CPTC
> Principal Consultant
>
> WaveFront Consulting Group
> Certified Information Systems Security Professionals
>
> Member Procyon Security Group
>
> ruiper at wavefrontcg.com | www.wavefrontcg.com | 1 604 961-0701
>
> This email and any files transmitted with it are confidential and intended
> solely for the use of the individual or entity to whom they are addressed.
> Please notify the sender immediately by e-mail if you have received this
> e-mail in error and delete this e-mail from your system. If you are not the
> intended recipient you are notified that disclosing, copying, distributing
> or taking any action in reliance on the contents of this information is
> strictly prohibited.
>
>
>
> ----- Reply message -----
> From: "Andy McKay" <andym at mozilla.com>
> Date: Mon, Apr 9, 2012 08:41
> Subject: [Owasp-vancouver] April, May, June, and July sessions
> To: "Thomas Siry" <tjsiry at gmail.com>
> Cc: <owasp-vancouver at lists.owasp.org>
>
>
> I'd be interested in that, but I'm unsure what the recent PCI drama is :)
>
> ----- Original Message -----
> From: "Thomas Siry" <tjsiry at gmail.com>
> To: "Yvan Boily" <yvanboily at gmail.com>
> Cc: owasp-vancouver at lists.owasp.org
> Sent: Thursday, April 5, 2012 10:48:27 PM
> Subject: Re: [Owasp-vancouver] April, May, June, and July sessions
>
> Up to the group, I don't plan on putting anybody to sleep but...
>
> With the recent PCI drama I'd be happy to talk PCI compliance to folks
> willing to listen. Knowing that our group is very technical I'd scope the
> discussions specifically to web applications/eCommerce. Something on the
> lines of A)  how to pass compliance (specific to applications/eCommerce) B)
> potential scope reduction, and c) implementing a compliant DMZ. It will
> *not
> * be a general PCI compliance over view (unless you all want me to?). Most
> likely not enough to fill up a full two hour session so I'd have to team up
> with somebody on another subject topic.
>
> All ears. E-mail me back or tweet me @westcoastqsa
>
> T
>
> On Thu, Apr 5, 2012 at 5:58 PM, Greg Ahira <greg at fullspeed.tv> wrote:
>
> > I would be interested in this from a pen testing perspective.
> >
> > Cheers,
> > Greg Ahira
> >
> > On Apr 5, 2012, at 12:48 PM, "Iain Duncan" <iduncan at xornot.com> wrote:
> >
> > > I'd be happy to give a talk on how the Python  Pyramid framework and
> > > related families of framework ( Zope 3, Grok ) handle authorization in
> > > application architecture. It's very elegant system that makes it very
> > hard
> > > to make a whole class of common security error in application design,
> and
> > > makes it really easy to re-use code across different kinds of request (
> > > http, ajax, http for different targets, etc).  The same pattern is no
> > doubt
> > > used in some other languages too, my experience with it comes from
> Python
> > > though, and within Python it's unique to that family of framework. It
> > would
> > > be slanted towards application architecture designers though, but would
> > > probably be interesting to pen testers too.
> > >
> > > Iain
> > >
> > > On Wed, Apr 4, 2012 at 10:42 AM, Yvan Boily <yvanboily at gmail.com>
> wrote:
> > >
> > >> Hi All,
> > >>
> > >> I am still looking for speakers or topics for these four months, and
> > >> for June and July, I am also looking for someone to help coordinate
> > >> the meetings.
> > >>
> > >> If you have some topic that is interesting that:
> > >> - you would like to learn more about
> > >> - you would like to share your research / experiences with
> > >> - you think is interesting to discuss
> > >>
> > >> Please let us know; if you know of a speaker locally that might be
> > >> interesting, let me know and I will see if we can get them in!
> > >>
> > >> Cheers,
> > >> Yvan Boily
>
>
>
>
> _______________________________________________
> Owasp-vancouver mailing list
> Owasp-vancouver at lists.owasp.org
> https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-vancouver
>
>

From yvanboily at gmail.com  Mon Apr  9 18:12:05 2012
From: yvanboily at gmail.com (Yvan Boily)
Date: Mon, 9 Apr 2012 11:12:05 -0700
Subject: [Owasp-vancouver] April, May, June, and July sessions
In-Reply-To: <CADjmq0gU1edP5CjANfiZbmzaQSvM5VHUc3zdtDo17TG6s0Zcfw@mail.gmail.com>
References: <CAD_ZbKxSHX9LmcWa8Curh-z2XC89ZfN=eAczO8BLO+pbZw8-oQ@mail.gmail.com>
	<CADjmq0gU1edP5CjANfiZbmzaQSvM5VHUc3zdtDo17TG6s0Zcfw@mail.gmail.com>
Message-ID: <CAD_ZbKwawCpYiLSHuw4g4uy7Dv3UiHX1_SOCn+f1P=H8PBnWSA@mail.gmail.com>

Hi Iain,
We talked about this before, and it still sounds like a great idea!
We have someone lined up for May now, but April, June, and July are
still open.

Here are the proposed dates for meetings:

April 23rd
June 25th
July 23rd

When would you like to speak?

Cheers,
Yvan

On Thu, Apr 5, 2012 at 12:47 PM, Iain Duncan <iduncan at xornot.com> wrote:
> I'd be happy to give a talk on how the Python? Pyramid framework and related
> families of framework ( Zope 3, Grok ) handle authorization in application
> architecture. It's very elegant system that makes it very hard to make a
> whole class of common security error in application design, and makes it
> really easy to re-use code across different kinds of request ( http, ajax,
> http for different targets, etc).? The same pattern is no doubt used in some
> other languages too, my experience with it comes from Python though, and
> within Python it's unique to that family of framework. It would be slanted
> towards application architecture designers though, but would probably be
> interesting to pen testers too.
>
> Iain
>
> On Wed, Apr 4, 2012 at 10:42 AM, Yvan Boily <yvanboily at gmail.com> wrote:
>>
>> Hi All,
>>
>> I am still looking for speakers or topics for these four months, and
>> for June and July, I am also looking for someone to help coordinate
>> the meetings.
>>
>> If you have some topic that is interesting that:
>> - you would like to learn more about
>> - you would like to share your research / experiences with
>> - you think is interesting to discuss
>>
>> Please let us know; if you know of a speaker locally that might be
>> interesting, let me know and I will see if we can get them in!
>>
>> Cheers,
>> Yvan Boily
>> _______________________________________________
>> Owasp-vancouver mailing list
>> Owasp-vancouver at lists.owasp.org
>> https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-vancouver
>
>

From iduncan at xornot.com  Tue Apr 10 21:28:22 2012
From: iduncan at xornot.com (Iain Duncan)
Date: Tue, 10 Apr 2012 14:28:22 -0700
Subject: [Owasp-vancouver] April, May, June, and July sessions
In-Reply-To: <CAD_ZbKwawCpYiLSHuw4g4uy7Dv3UiHX1_SOCn+f1P=H8PBnWSA@mail.gmail.com>
References: <CAD_ZbKxSHX9LmcWa8Curh-z2XC89ZfN=eAczO8BLO+pbZw8-oQ@mail.gmail.com>
	<CADjmq0gU1edP5CjANfiZbmzaQSvM5VHUc3zdtDo17TG6s0Zcfw@mail.gmail.com>
	<CAD_ZbKwawCpYiLSHuw4g4uy7Dv3UiHX1_SOCn+f1P=H8PBnWSA@mail.gmail.com>
Message-ID: <CADjmq0jNaJcuvh+2fAtS5R9yyQJWz-is8jmUWZ1TvTAwVRDcGQ@mail.gmail.com>

Apr might be practical, but not sure yet. How soon do you need to know? And
how long are the talks intended to be?

thanks!
iain

On Mon, Apr 9, 2012 at 11:12 AM, Yvan Boily <yvanboily at gmail.com> wrote:

> Hi Iain,
> We talked about this before, and it still sounds like a great idea!
> We have someone lined up for May now, but April, June, and July are
> still open.
>
> Here are the proposed dates for meetings:
>
> April 23rd
> June 25th
> July 23rd
>
> When would you like to speak?
>
> Cheers,
> Yvan
>
> On Thu, Apr 5, 2012 at 12:47 PM, Iain Duncan <iduncan at xornot.com> wrote:
> > I'd be happy to give a talk on how the Python  Pyramid framework and
> related
> > families of framework ( Zope 3, Grok ) handle authorization in
> application
> > architecture. It's very elegant system that makes it very hard to make a
> > whole class of common security error in application design, and makes it
> > really easy to re-use code across different kinds of request ( http,
> ajax,
> > http for different targets, etc).  The same pattern is no doubt used in
> some
> > other languages too, my experience with it comes from Python though, and
> > within Python it's unique to that family of framework. It would be
> slanted
> > towards application architecture designers though, but would probably be
> > interesting to pen testers too.
> >
> > Iain
> >
> > On Wed, Apr 4, 2012 at 10:42 AM, Yvan Boily <yvanboily at gmail.com> wrote:
> >>
> >> Hi All,
> >>
> >> I am still looking for speakers or topics for these four months, and
> >> for June and July, I am also looking for someone to help coordinate
> >> the meetings.
> >>
> >> If you have some topic that is interesting that:
> >> - you would like to learn more about
> >> - you would like to share your research / experiences with
> >> - you think is interesting to discuss
> >>
> >> Please let us know; if you know of a speaker locally that might be
> >> interesting, let me know and I will see if we can get them in!
> >>
> >> Cheers,
> >> Yvan Boily
> >> _______________________________________________
> >> Owasp-vancouver mailing list
> >> Owasp-vancouver at lists.owasp.org
> >> https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-vancouver
> >
> >
>

