<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<HTML>
 <HEAD>
   <TITLE> [Owasp-appsensor-project] Project funds
   </TITLE>
   <LINK REL="Index" HREF="index.html" >
   <LINK REL="made" HREF="mailto:owasp-appsensor-project%40lists.owasp.org?Subject=Re%3A%20%5BOwasp-appsensor-project%5D%20Project%20funds&In-Reply-To=%3C54B78885.3030803%40owasp.org%3E">
   <META NAME="robots" CONTENT="index,nofollow">
   <style type="text/css">
       pre {
           white-space: pre-wrap;       /* css-2.1, curent FF, Opera, Safari */
           }
   </style>
   <META http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=us-ascii">
   <LINK REL="Previous"  HREF="000822.html">
   <LINK REL="Next"  HREF="000821.html">
 </HEAD>
 <BODY BGCOLOR="#ffffff">
   <H1>[Owasp-appsensor-project] Project funds</H1>
    <B>Timo Goosen</B> 
    <A HREF="mailto:owasp-appsensor-project%40lists.owasp.org?Subject=Re%3A%20%5BOwasp-appsensor-project%5D%20Project%20funds&In-Reply-To=%3C54B78885.3030803%40owasp.org%3E"
       TITLE="[Owasp-appsensor-project] Project funds">timo.goosen at owasp.org
       </A><BR>
    <I>Thu Jan 15 09:29:41 UTC 2015</I>
    <P><UL>
        <LI>Previous message: <A HREF="000822.html">[Owasp-appsensor-project] Project funds
</A></li>
        <LI>Next message: <A HREF="000821.html">[Owasp-appsensor-project] Project funds
</A></li>
         <LI> <B>Messages sorted by:</B> 
              <a href="date.html#824">[ date ]</a>
              <a href="thread.html#824">[ thread ]</a>
              <a href="subject.html#824">[ subject ]</a>
              <a href="author.html#824">[ author ]</a>
         </LI>
       </UL>
    <HR>  
<!--beginarticle-->
<PRE>I'm gonna start reading the docs for Elastic search, can't guarantee
that I will get very far and will be able to help but maybe in the near
future I can try help out with the dashboard when I'm on leave again.

Interesting video:
<A HREF="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QthqK5iC_EA">https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QthqK5iC_EA</A>
Using Elasticsearch, Logstash &amp; Kibana to create real-time dashboards



On 2015/01/13 9:08 PM, <A HREF="https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-appsensor-project">colin.watson at owasp.org</A> wrote:
&gt;<i> John/Timo
</I>&gt;<i> If you decide to go this ELK route, I could mock up some dashboard layouts based on:
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> 1. ELK's capabilities
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> 2. Knowing what AppSensor code 2 can do
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> Colin
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> ----- Reply message -----
</I>&gt;<i> From: &quot;John Melton&quot; &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-appsensor-project">jtmelton at gmail.com</A>&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> To: &quot;Timo Goosen&quot; &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-appsensor-project">timo.goosen at owasp.org</A>&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> Cc: &quot;owasp-appsensor-project&quot; &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-appsensor-project">owasp-appsensor-project at lists.owasp.org</A>&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> Subject: [Owasp-appsensor-project] Project funds
</I>&gt;<i> Date: Tue, Jan 13, 2015 16:39
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> Thanks Timo - that's really nice. I'll have a look at using the ELK stack and see how much is involved with getting it setup. 
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> On Tue, Jan 13, 2015 at 5:50 AM, Timo Goosen &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-appsensor-project">timo.goosen at owasp.org</A>&gt; wrote:
</I>&gt;<i> Look at this for ideas for the dashboard (If this is what you meant by
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> dashboard)
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> <A HREF="http://elijahpaul.co.uk/monitoring-pfsense-2-1-logs-using-elk-logstash-kibana-elasticsearch/">http://elijahpaul.co.uk/monitoring-pfsense-2-1-logs-using-elk-logstash-kibana-elasticsearch/</A>
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> Logstash+Kibana+Elasticsearch
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> On 2015/01/12 5:28 PM, John Melton wrote:
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> While it doesn't fit the original reason for requesting the money, my first
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> wish from the technical side would be to get some design help for a
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> management console and dashboard. If that's a skill someone is willing to
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> donate, I'd be thrilled. If we need to pay for it, I think it'd be a
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> benefit to the tooling.
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Another couple possibilities I thought of that would probably fit much more
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> inline with the original goal of the book:
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> - Translation of the v2 book into different languages
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> - Marketing &quot;slicks&quot; or infographics based on the book
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> As to whether or not we can re-purpose the money for other things, is there
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> a decision authority? I don't want to be dishonest about it, but I do think
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> the money would be well-used in the project on a number of ideas. Is this
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> something that should be asked of the board or some group within OWASP?
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> On Mon, Jan 12, 2015 at 6:50 AM, Dinis Cruz &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-appsensor-project">dinis.cruz at owasp.org</A>&gt; wrote:
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> My view is that is up to the project leaders to decide (and be creative)
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> on where to use these funds
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> As long as it is project specific, we need to trust the leaders to do the
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> right thing (which they tend to do)
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> If you want some rules engagement , see the GSD project (which already has
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> a couple nice success stories).
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Just be proactive and use the money. Think of it as unused potential,
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> which would be a shame to miss
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> On 12 Jan 2015 09:21, &quot;Timo Goosen&quot; &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-appsensor-project">timo.goosen at owasp.org</A>&gt; wrote:
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Just an idea on how you can spread awareness on appsensor v2.
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Use some of the money to rent a server somewhere.
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Setup a tor hidden service running a vulnerable sample app setup with
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> appsensor.
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Invite people on reddit,hackernews and slashdot to attack the sample app.
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Include the results of this experiment in a presentation at next
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> security conference.
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Just my two cents.
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Regards.
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Timo.
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> On 2015/01/11 9:38 PM, Jim Manico wrote:
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> The core mission per our bylaws is spreading awareness, so I feel
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> using those reboot funds for awareness purposes is very much
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> acceptable. Perhaps spend the money to put John on the road to
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> talk about 2.0?
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> My 2 cents (regarding 4k), -- Jim Manico @Manicode (808) 652-3805
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> On Jan 11, 2015, at 8:27 AM, Colin Watson
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-appsensor-project">colin.watson at owasp.org</A>&gt; wrote:
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Jim
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Maybe, but that wasn't quite what the Reboot funding was
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> allocated for. So I assumed that if we can't use it for the
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> intended purpose, it should be returned to the central funds.
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Colin
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> On 11 January 2015 at 17:52, Jim Manico &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-appsensor-project">jim.manico at owasp.org</A>&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> wrote: Is there some way that $4000 can be spent to spread
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> awareness about AppSensor?
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> -- Jim Manico @Manicode (808) 652-3805
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> On Jan 11, 2015, at 7:41 AM, Colin Watson
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-appsensor-project">colin.watson at owasp.org</A>&gt; wrote:
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Dear all
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> We have about $4,000 unused funds allocated to the project.
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://docs.google.com/a/owasp.org/spreadsheet/pub?hl=en_US&amp;key=0Atu4kyR3ljftdEdQWTczbUxoMUFnWmlTODZ2ZFZvaXc&amp;hl=en_US&amp;gid=3">https://docs.google.com/a/owasp.org/spreadsheet/pub?hl=en_US&amp;key=0Atu4kyR3ljftdEdQWTczbUxoMUFnWmlTODZ2ZFZvaXc&amp;hl=en_US&amp;gid=3</A>
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> These primarily relate to reboot funding requested to help the
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> publication of the v2 AppSensor Guide.
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://www.owasp.org/index.php/Projects_Reboot_2012_-_OWASP_AppSensor">https://www.owasp.org/index.php/Projects_Reboot_2012_-_OWASP_AppSensor</A>
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Most volunteers have not requested their own free printed copy (maybe
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> 5 took up the free offer), and the project leaders have not
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> gone over board with buying them from Lulu for presentations
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> either (maybe 100 copies). We haven't created a flyer.
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> So maybe we should now consider returning this back to OWASP
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> for its general funds. Or should we get some printed for the
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> LatAm tour, or the upcoming appsec conferences? We don't have
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> enough money for all attendees of these.
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Does anyone have any thoughts?
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Colin _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Owasp-appsensor-project mailing list
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-appsensor-project">Owasp-appsensor-project at lists.owasp.org</A>
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-appsensor-project">https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-appsensor-project</A>
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Owasp-appsensor-project mailing list
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-appsensor-project">Owasp-appsensor-project at lists.owasp.org</A>
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-appsensor-project">https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-appsensor-project</A>
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Owasp-appsensor-project mailing list
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-appsensor-project">Owasp-appsensor-project at lists.owasp.org</A>
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-appsensor-project">https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-appsensor-project</A>
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Owasp-appsensor-project mailing list
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-appsensor-project">Owasp-appsensor-project at lists.owasp.org</A>
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-appsensor-project">https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-appsensor-project</A>
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> Owasp-appsensor-project mailing list
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-appsensor-project">Owasp-appsensor-project at lists.owasp.org</A>
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-appsensor-project">https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-appsensor-project</A>
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I></PRE>

<!--endarticle-->
    <HR>
    <P><UL>
        <!--threads-->
	<LI>Previous message: <A HREF="000822.html">[Owasp-appsensor-project] Project funds
</A></li>
	<LI>Next message: <A HREF="000821.html">[Owasp-appsensor-project] Project funds
</A></li>
         <LI> <B>Messages sorted by:</B> 
              <a href="date.html#824">[ date ]</a>
              <a href="thread.html#824">[ thread ]</a>
              <a href="subject.html#824">[ subject ]</a>
              <a href="author.html#824">[ author ]</a>
         </LI>
       </UL>

<hr>
<a href="https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-appsensor-project">More information about the Owasp-appsensor-project
mailing list</a><br>
</body></html>
