<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<HTML>
 <HEAD>
   <TITLE> [Owasp-appsensor-project] appsensor unused reboot funds
   </TITLE>
   <LINK REL="Index" HREF="index.html" >
   <LINK REL="made" HREF="mailto:owasp-appsensor-project%40lists.owasp.org?Subject=Re%3A%20%5BOwasp-appsensor-project%5D%20appsensor%20unused%20reboot%20funds&In-Reply-To=%3CCAAxdBBnpn-mb4tFjqwdLi5AV9H3G173v8Akw5M3%3D9%3DJw86N2cw%40mail.gmail.com%3E">
   <META NAME="robots" CONTENT="index,nofollow">
   <style type="text/css">
       pre {
           white-space: pre-wrap;       /* css-2.1, curent FF, Opera, Safari */
           }
   </style>
   <META http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=us-ascii">
   <LINK REL="Previous"  HREF="000832.html">
   <LINK REL="Next"  HREF="000834.html">
 </HEAD>
 <BODY BGCOLOR="#ffffff">
   <H1>[Owasp-appsensor-project] appsensor unused reboot funds</H1>
    <B>Colin Watson</B> 
    <A HREF="mailto:owasp-appsensor-project%40lists.owasp.org?Subject=Re%3A%20%5BOwasp-appsensor-project%5D%20appsensor%20unused%20reboot%20funds&In-Reply-To=%3CCAAxdBBnpn-mb4tFjqwdLi5AV9H3G173v8Akw5M3%3D9%3DJw86N2cw%40mail.gmail.com%3E"
       TITLE="[Owasp-appsensor-project] appsensor unused reboot funds">colin.watson at owasp.org
       </A><BR>
    <I>Tue Jan 27 08:10:14 UTC 2015</I>
    <P><UL>
        <LI>Previous message: <A HREF="000832.html">[Owasp-appsensor-project] Unspent project funds
</A></li>
        <LI>Next message: <A HREF="000834.html">[Owasp-appsensor-project] appsensor version 2.0.0 released
</A></li>
         <LI> <B>Messages sorted by:</B> 
              <a href="date.html#833">[ date ]</a>
              <a href="thread.html#833">[ thread ]</a>
              <a href="subject.html#833">[ subject ]</a>
              <a href="author.html#833">[ author ]</a>
         </LI>
       </UL>
    <HR>  
<!--beginarticle-->
<PRE>Paul

Word document attached, and project mailing list copied.

Colin



On 26 January 2015 at 19:13, John Melton &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-appsensor-project">jtmelton at gmail.com</A>&gt; wrote:
&gt;<i> Sounds great - thanks. Colin (cc'ed) or I will send that over to you soon.
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> Thanks,
</I>&gt;<i> John
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> On Mon, Jan 26, 2015 at 1:56 PM, Paul Ritchie &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-appsensor-project">paul.ritchie at owasp.org</A>&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> wrote:
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Hello John:
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Thanks for thinking ahead and taking the professional high road.
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> This is pretty straightforward.
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> OWASP board is meeting next on Wednesday, Feb. 11.
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> I can add you topic to the agenda easy enough if you provide a short 2-3
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> paragraph summary statement and &quot;How we intend to reallocate the funds&quot; per
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> your email below.   Just put it in a 1 page word doc, Summary &amp; Outline form
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> and I will add it to the agenda.
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Personally i like the translation idea.  There are many chapters in Asia,
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> So.America, LATAM, etc, who would step up to perform a translation, and if
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> some small contribution could be made to their Chapter funds as payment for
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> the translation, that would greatly help their chapter growth.
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Thanks, Paul
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Best Regards, Paul Ritchie
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> OWASP Interim Executive Director
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-appsensor-project">paul.ritchie at owasp.org</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> On Mon, Jan 26, 2015 at 10:36 AM, Kate Hartmann &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-appsensor-project">kate.hartmann at owasp.org</A>&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> wrote:
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Hi John, good to hear from you.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> I've forwarded your request to Paul Ritchie, our Ex Director, who can vet
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> this for the Board.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Let me know if you need further assistance.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Kate Hartmann.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> On Mon, Jan 26, 2015 at 1:20 PM, John Melton &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-appsensor-project">jtmelton at gmail.com</A>&gt; wrote:
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Kate,
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Hi, the appsensor project received funds through the reboot funding that
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> were never fully used. We had a discussion on the project list for how to
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> re-allocate those funds internally for the project, but we wanted to run
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> this by the board. There is a more formal description below.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> We figured the most appropriate mechanism would be to bring this up as a
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> brief agenda item for the board to review in their next scheduled meeting.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> If that sounds reasonable, could you take care of that? If there's a better
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> way, just let us know.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Thanks,
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> John
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> ----------
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> The appsensor project has just over $4,000 in unused funds allocated
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> to the project.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> (<A HREF="https://docs.google.com/a/owasp.org/spreadsheet/pub?hl=en_US&amp;key=0Atu4kyR3ljftdEdQWTczbUxoMUFnWmlTODZ2ZFZvaXc&amp;hl=en_US&amp;gid=3">https://docs.google.com/a/owasp.org/spreadsheet/pub?hl=en_US&amp;key=0Atu4kyR3ljftdEdQWTczbUxoMUFnWmlTODZ2ZFZvaXc&amp;hl=en_US&amp;gid=3</A>)
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> These primarily relate to reboot funding requested to help with the
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> publication and marketing of the v2 AppSensor Guide.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> (<A HREF="https://www.owasp.org/index.php/Projects_Reboot_2012_-_OWASP_AppSensor">https://www.owasp.org/index.php/Projects_Reboot_2012_-_OWASP_AppSensor</A>)
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Much of the money is still available due to various contributing
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> factors:
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> - Many volunteers did not take up the offer of their free printed copy
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> (rather, likely used the PDF)
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> - Leaders printed a reasonable amount (around 100 books)
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> - At least one vendor paid for the purchase and distribution of the
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> appsensor v2 book at their own cost
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> - An internal team member did the cover design for free
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> - We did not create a flyer
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> While not the original request, we would like to use the remaining
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> money for various related efforts on the project. There have been
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> several proposed possible uses:
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> - Translation of the v2 book into multiple languages (book)
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> - Marketing &quot;slicks&quot; or infographics based on the book (book)
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> - UX design for appsensor management tool (code)
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> These are just a few possible uses. As a project, we would like to see
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> these funds used and used well. As the book purchase timeline appears
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> to be trailing off, we wish to responsibly reallocate the funds to
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> current needs where they can be used most effectively. As this is a
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> change from the original reboot funding aims, the project leaders
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> would like to ensure this is permitted and that the funds will not be
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> lost by any recovery to central funds. Without their being any project
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> manager/committee we would like to bring this to the attention of the
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Board.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> --
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Kate Hartmann
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-appsensor-project">kate.hartmann at owasp.org</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> +1 301-275-9403
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>-------------- next part --------------
A non-text attachment was scrubbed...
Name: appsensor-funds-2016.docx
Type: application/vnd.openxmlformats-officedocument.wordprocessingml.document
Size: 131900 bytes
Desc: not available
URL: &lt;<A HREF="http://lists.owasp.org/pipermail/owasp-appsensor-project/attachments/20150127/f09099fd/attachment-0001.docx">http://lists.owasp.org/pipermail/owasp-appsensor-project/attachments/20150127/f09099fd/attachment-0001.docx</A>&gt;
</PRE>


<!--endarticle-->
    <HR>
    <P><UL>
        <!--threads-->
	<LI>Previous message: <A HREF="000832.html">[Owasp-appsensor-project] Unspent project funds
</A></li>
	<LI>Next message: <A HREF="000834.html">[Owasp-appsensor-project] appsensor version 2.0.0 released
</A></li>
         <LI> <B>Messages sorted by:</B> 
              <a href="date.html#833">[ date ]</a>
              <a href="thread.html#833">[ thread ]</a>
              <a href="subject.html#833">[ subject ]</a>
              <a href="author.html#833">[ author ]</a>
         </LI>
       </UL>

<hr>
<a href="https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-appsensor-project">More information about the Owasp-appsensor-project
mailing list</a><br>
</body></html>
