<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<HTML>
 <HEAD>
   <TITLE> [Owasp-appsensor-project] Project funds
   </TITLE>
   <LINK REL="Index" HREF="index.html" >
   <LINK REL="made" HREF="mailto:owasp-appsensor-project%40lists.owasp.org?Subject=Re%3A%20%5BOwasp-appsensor-project%5D%20Project%20funds&In-Reply-To=%3CCAM8z%3DyK%2BTb2HwibM%2BYGH2cWZq-XRmKm7d%2BNcfriwJLZpN_n6kQ%40mail.gmail.com%3E">
   <META NAME="robots" CONTENT="index,nofollow">
   <style type="text/css">
       pre {
           white-space: pre-wrap;       /* css-2.1, curent FF, Opera, Safari */
           }
   </style>
   <META http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=us-ascii">
   <LINK REL="Previous"  HREF="000825.html">
   <LINK REL="Next"  HREF="000827.html">
 </HEAD>
 <BODY BGCOLOR="#ffffff">
   <H1>[Owasp-appsensor-project] Project funds</H1>
    <B>John Melton</B> 
    <A HREF="mailto:owasp-appsensor-project%40lists.owasp.org?Subject=Re%3A%20%5BOwasp-appsensor-project%5D%20Project%20funds&In-Reply-To=%3CCAM8z%3DyK%2BTb2HwibM%2BYGH2cWZq-XRmKm7d%2BNcfriwJLZpN_n6kQ%40mail.gmail.com%3E"
       TITLE="[Owasp-appsensor-project] Project funds">jtmelton at gmail.com
       </A><BR>
    <I>Fri Jan 16 16:30:40 UTC 2015</I>
    <P><UL>
        <LI>Previous message: <A HREF="000825.html">[Owasp-appsensor-project] Project funds
</A></li>
        <LI>Next message: <A HREF="000827.html">[Owasp-appsensor-project] Project funds
</A></li>
         <LI> <B>Messages sorted by:</B> 
              <a href="date.html#826">[ date ]</a>
              <a href="thread.html#826">[ thread ]</a>
              <a href="subject.html#826">[ subject ]</a>
              <a href="author.html#826">[ author ]</a>
         </LI>
       </UL>
    <HR>  
<!--beginarticle-->
<PRE>Perfect - I'll put something together and send it to you in a separate
thread.

On Fri, Jan 16, 2015 at 5:49 AM, <A HREF="https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-appsensor-project">colin.watson at owasp.org</A> &lt;
<A HREF="https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-appsensor-project">colin.watson at owasp.org</A>&gt; wrote:

&gt;<i> John
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> Yes, just an email. Maybe we send the final version to Kate and ask for it
</I>&gt;<i> to be raised at the next Board meeting?
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> Maybe we need to explain why we under spent, and perhaps be less specific
</I>&gt;<i> in the future usage, but putting a time cap on that night be a reasonable
</I>&gt;<i> constraint on us.
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> Colin
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> ----- Reply message -----
</I>&gt;<i> From: &quot;John Melton&quot; &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-appsensor-project">jtmelton at gmail.com</A>&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> To: &quot;<A HREF="https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-appsensor-project">colin.watson at owasp.org</A>&quot; &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-appsensor-project">colin.watson at owasp.org</A>&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> Cc: &quot;Dinis Cruz&quot; &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-appsensor-project">dinis.cruz at owasp.org</A>&gt;, &quot;owasp-appsensor-project&quot; &lt;
</I>&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-appsensor-project">owasp-appsensor-project at lists.owasp.org</A>&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> Subject: [Owasp-appsensor-project] Project funds
</I>&gt;<i> Date: Tue, Jan 13, 2015 19:13
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> Sounds great - happy to do this. Do you have a good format or are you
</I>&gt;<i> planning just an email? Let me know and I'll put something together and
</I>&gt;<i> send it over to you for review.
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> On Tue, Jan 13, 2015 at 2:11 PM, <A HREF="https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-appsensor-project">colin.watson at owasp.org</A> &lt;
</I>&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-appsensor-project">colin.watson at owasp.org</A>&gt; wrote:
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> John
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> I like all these ideas. Maybe we can come up with a proposal for the best
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> use of the funds, and then go back to the board to check they are happy for
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> the extended/modified use. We did have the funds taken away in 2013 for
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> non-use, but Eoin helped allocate them back again.
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Colin
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> ----- Reply message -----
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> From: &quot;John Melton&quot; &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-appsensor-project">jtmelton at gmail.com</A>&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> To: &quot;Dinis Cruz&quot; &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-appsensor-project">dinis.cruz at owasp.org</A>&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Cc: &quot;owasp-appsensor-project&quot; &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-appsensor-project">owasp-appsensor-project at lists.owasp.org</A>&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Subject: [Owasp-appsensor-project] Project funds
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Date: Mon, Jan 12, 2015 15:28
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> While it doesn't fit the original reason for requesting the money, my
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> first wish from the technical side would be to get some design help for a
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> management console and dashboard. If that's a skill someone is willing to
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> donate, I'd be thrilled. If we need to pay for it, I think it'd be a
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> benefit to the tooling.
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Another couple possibilities I thought of that would probably fit much
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> more inline with the original goal of the book:
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> - Translation of the v2 book into different languages
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> - Marketing &quot;slicks&quot; or infographics based on the book
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> As to whether or not we can re-purpose the money for other things, is
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> there a decision authority? I don't want to be dishonest about it, but I do
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> think the money would be well-used in the project on a number of ideas. Is
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> this something that should be asked of the board or some group within OWASP?
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> On Mon, Jan 12, 2015 at 6:50 AM, Dinis Cruz &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-appsensor-project">dinis.cruz at owasp.org</A>&gt; wrote:
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> My view is that is up to the project leaders to decide (and be creative)
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> on where to use these funds
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> As long as it is project specific, we need to trust the leaders to do
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> the right thing (which they tend to do)
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> If you want some rules engagement , see the GSD project (which already
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> has a couple nice success stories).
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Just be proactive and use the money. Think of it as unused potential,
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> which would be a shame to miss
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> On 12 Jan 2015 09:21, &quot;Timo Goosen&quot; &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-appsensor-project">timo.goosen at owasp.org</A>&gt; wrote:
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> -----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Hash: SHA1
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Just an idea on how you can spread awareness on appsensor v2.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Use some of the money to rent a server somewhere.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Setup a tor hidden service running a vulnerable sample app setup with
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> appsensor.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Invite people on reddit,hackernews and slashdot to attack the sample
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> app.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Include the results of this experiment in a presentation at next
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> security conference.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Just my two cents.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Regards.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Timo.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> On 2015/01/11 9:38 PM, Jim Manico wrote:
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; The core mission per our bylaws is spreading awareness, so I feel
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; using those reboot funds for awareness purposes is very much
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; acceptable. Perhaps spend the money to put John on the road to
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; talk about 2.0?
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; My 2 cents (regarding 4k), -- Jim Manico @Manicode (808) 652-3805
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; On Jan 11, 2015, at 8:27 AM, Colin Watson
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-appsensor-project">colin.watson at owasp.org</A>&gt; wrote:
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; Jim
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; Maybe, but that wasn't quite what the Reboot funding was
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; allocated for. So I assumed that if we can't use it for the
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; intended purpose, it should be returned to the central funds.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; Colin
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt; On 11 January 2015 at 17:52, Jim Manico &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-appsensor-project">jim.manico at owasp.org</A>&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt; wrote: Is there some way that $4000 can be spent to spread
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt; awareness about AppSensor?
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt; -- Jim Manico @Manicode (808) 652-3805
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; On Jan 11, 2015, at 7:41 AM, Colin Watson
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-appsensor-project">colin.watson at owasp.org</A>&gt; wrote:
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; Dear all
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; We have about $4,000 unused funds allocated to the project.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://docs.google.com/a/owasp.org/spreadsheet/pub?hl=en_US&amp;key=0Atu4kyR3ljftdEdQWTczbUxoMUFnWmlTODZ2ZFZvaXc&amp;hl=en_US&amp;gid=3">https://docs.google.com/a/owasp.org/spreadsheet/pub?hl=en_US&amp;key=0Atu4kyR3ljftdEdQWTczbUxoMUFnWmlTODZ2ZFZvaXc&amp;hl=en_US&amp;gid=3</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> These primarily relate to reboot funding requested to help the
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; publication of the v2 AppSensor Guide.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://www.owasp.org/index.php/Projects_Reboot_2012_-_OWASP_AppSensor">https://www.owasp.org/index.php/Projects_Reboot_2012_-_OWASP_AppSensor</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Most volunteers have not requested their own free printed copy (maybe
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; 5 took up the free offer), and the project leaders have not
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; gone over board with buying them from Lulu for presentations
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; either (maybe 100 copies). We haven't created a flyer.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; So maybe we should now consider returning this back to OWASP
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; for its general funds. Or should we get some printed for the
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; LatAm tour, or the upcoming appsec conferences? We don't have
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; enough money for all attendees of these.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; Does anyone have any thoughts?
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; Colin _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; Owasp-appsensor-project mailing list
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; <A HREF="https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-appsensor-project">Owasp-appsensor-project at lists.owasp.org</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; <A HREF="https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-appsensor-project">https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-appsensor-project</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; Owasp-appsensor-project mailing list
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; <A HREF="https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-appsensor-project">Owasp-appsensor-project at lists.owasp.org</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; <A HREF="https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-appsensor-project">https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-appsensor-project</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> -----BEGIN PGP SIGNATURE-----
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Version: GnuPG/MacGPG2 v2.0.22 (Darwin)
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> iQIcBAEBAgAGBQJUs5HCAAoJEDvH+FufEYa2broQAMzaEUxRydic5tG2wVtZMb6M
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> 7N6WdB0YsaBLFkiARmNxsahqqm4J7inHW7H3wABnbe+O56F0Sk47q+R1CCguiouL
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> f6Ry66ys9no4ogtwJIgR3a52yDfVu0S3Q6ayHp5ZQujpm6OmcOArOiVOqfJ7QAum
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> 9pVGKDQrbiAE311/dpJBDExk4GB39JmM7fFMy3FUvsjSu6cfwL43ecObBcgoEZp9
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> O7cvAYVALYBKl3ABQ9quCuMXSI8PhNxOO7bgIUNWxH8RAPWUbrvAgdIjVLkh6lnL
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> UTxCVbIZg8kkV0gLmzYeU4Y2Ylhf309u38O0jDSJOImNb62GIgLJwQ13Y3g07uag
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Cl7yph/MLjgwG4HuuvNZbk5Piqaz++4uzNnkWdQDL+kWgQ413SQsh/JRWpQntE5M
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Vw5A0GFrzG6SKvKju2pL7zLPBpFuMC+6X2nWEygHZM7Fr8A3QBPtBvxYYL3brB+/
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> PCrsF8HlknegFjcZtBtwfk3XZ4h/Mf4KA2e0xzdzh82bXeKMh14MFIuLe6p8ICD7
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> 83SY7W5Z+K+Df5DHlbmcGLgIPQLu5AixvdQF8j+nsFgkIWu2xYoMU5hMts6gcIPu
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> +W2sGXShu9GReWnZJ6k2FPOFKEbibIemxu9ePwZZJUJ5kDQRzX+oa7beHuJ8EKQ9
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> n5VKA6ogicV1qjaRipab
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> =Wa2l
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> -----END PGP SIGNATURE-----
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Owasp-appsensor-project mailing list
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-appsensor-project">Owasp-appsensor-project at lists.owasp.org</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-appsensor-project">https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-appsensor-project</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Owasp-appsensor-project mailing list
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-appsensor-project">Owasp-appsensor-project at lists.owasp.org</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-appsensor-project">https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-appsensor-project</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>-------------- next part --------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed...
URL: &lt;<A HREF="http://lists.owasp.org/pipermail/owasp-appsensor-project/attachments/20150116/89d78e8b/attachment.html">http://lists.owasp.org/pipermail/owasp-appsensor-project/attachments/20150116/89d78e8b/attachment.html</A>&gt;
</PRE>


<!--endarticle-->
    <HR>
    <P><UL>
        <!--threads-->
	<LI>Previous message: <A HREF="000825.html">[Owasp-appsensor-project] Project funds
</A></li>
	<LI>Next message: <A HREF="000827.html">[Owasp-appsensor-project] Project funds
</A></li>
         <LI> <B>Messages sorted by:</B> 
              <a href="date.html#826">[ date ]</a>
              <a href="thread.html#826">[ thread ]</a>
              <a href="subject.html#826">[ subject ]</a>
              <a href="author.html#826">[ author ]</a>
         </LI>
       </UL>

<hr>
<a href="https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-appsensor-project">More information about the Owasp-appsensor-project
mailing list</a><br>
</body></html>
