<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<HTML>
 <HEAD>
   <TITLE> [SAMM] Fwd: [Owasp-board] Fwd: Invitation to Create 2016 Budget for your OWASP Chapter &amp; Project
   </TITLE>
   <LINK REL="Index" HREF="index.html" >
   <LINK REL="made" HREF="mailto:samm%40lists.owasp.org?Subject=Re%3A%20%5BSAMM%5D%20Fwd%3A%20%5BOwasp-board%5D%20Fwd%3A%20Invitation%20to%20Create%202016%20Budget%20for%0A%20your%20OWASP%20Chapter%20%26%20Project&In-Reply-To=%3CCAAihoGvPJ32cOH9AFLhiM5taaKnwQ9%3DtbE-ffbU_D52kHpByQw%40mail.gmail.com%3E">
   <META NAME="robots" CONTENT="index,nofollow">
   <style type="text/css">
       pre {
           white-space: pre-wrap;       /* css-2.1, curent FF, Opera, Safari */
           }
   </style>
   <META http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=us-ascii">
   <LINK REL="Previous"  HREF="000744.html">
   <LINK REL="Next"  HREF="000746.html">
 </HEAD>
 <BODY BGCOLOR="#ffffff">
   <H1>[SAMM] Fwd: [Owasp-board] Fwd: Invitation to Create 2016 Budget for your OWASP Chapter &amp; Project</H1>
    <B>Seba</B> 
    <A HREF="mailto:samm%40lists.owasp.org?Subject=Re%3A%20%5BSAMM%5D%20Fwd%3A%20%5BOwasp-board%5D%20Fwd%3A%20Invitation%20to%20Create%202016%20Budget%20for%0A%20your%20OWASP%20Chapter%20%26%20Project&In-Reply-To=%3CCAAihoGvPJ32cOH9AFLhiM5taaKnwQ9%3DtbE-ffbU_D52kHpByQw%40mail.gmail.com%3E"
       TITLE="[SAMM] Fwd: [Owasp-board] Fwd: Invitation to Create 2016 Budget for your OWASP Chapter &amp; Project">seba at owasp.org
       </A><BR>
    <I>Wed Nov 11 13:17:56 UTC 2015</I>
    <P><UL>
        <LI>Previous message: <A HREF="000744.html">[SAMM] No call today
</A></li>
        <LI>Next message: <A HREF="000746.html">[SAMM] SAMM Project Call reminder - today
</A></li>
         <LI> <B>Messages sorted by:</B> 
              <a href="date.html#745">[ date ]</a>
              <a href="thread.html#745">[ thread ]</a>
              <a href="subject.html#745">[ subject ]</a>
              <a href="author.html#745">[ author ]</a>
         </LI>
       </UL>
    <HR>  
<!--beginarticle-->
<PRE>hi,

A topic to be discussed during the opensamm call this evening.

Our OpenSAMM project currently has $10,484.1 budget available.
What will we use this on?
I can think of:
1) seeding funds for organizing a SAMM Summit next year
2) printing hard copies of SAMM v1.1 for chapters / conferences
3) fund an OpenSAMM roadshow in Europe and/or the US?
4) editor/artwork costs for SAMM v2
5) website redesign

Other ideas/suggestions are welcome!

kind regards

Seba






I started working through the budget and have a few ideas that could help
other chapters.

1. Can we get the Transaction Report and Budget Balance report in a
spreadsheet format?
That way I can easily total up last year's average income from membership
per month, add a modifier and use this for 2016 estimations. I can do the
same with chapter supporters.

2. It's unclear which cells the author should edit and which are formulas
that should be untouched. Perhaps shade all cells that should be edited a
particular color.

3. Rows 9 and 10 seem like they should have formulas, but don't. Perhaps
that's an error?

Otherwise makes a lot of sense. I think the above items will help a lot for
chapters as they fill this out.


--
Michael Coates | @_mwc &lt;<A HREF="https://twitter.com/intent/user?screen_name=_mwc">https://twitter.com/intent/user?screen_name=_mwc</A>&gt;
OWASP Global Board





On Thu, Oct 29, 2015 at 4:03 PM, Andrew van der Stock &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/samm">vanderaj at owasp.org</A>&gt;
wrote:

&gt;<i> Paul,
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> I was included on the email which probably leads me to believe that
</I>&gt;<i> somehow I'm still noted as the leader of the Developer Guide project, which
</I>&gt;<i> has over $5k in grant + budget money. Just in case I was pinged regarding
</I>&gt;<i> the DevGuide, the leaders since May are Steven van der Baan and Brad
</I>&gt;<i> Causey.
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> The ASVS is really close to $5k, so I will get Dan and Jim and myself to
</I>&gt;<i> make up a budget anyway as I'm not sure we have any plans for an update in
</I>&gt;<i> the next 12 months.
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> thanks
</I>&gt;<i> Andrew
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> On Fri, Oct 30, 2015 at 5:51 AM, Paul Ritchie &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/samm">paul.ritchie at owasp.org</A>&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> wrote:
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> To Board Group list and Staff.
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Earlier today I sent out this first announcement or invitation to have
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> our Project &amp; Chapter leaders with &gt;$5K budgets participate in the 2016
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> budgeting process.  Outlined below is the email I sent out including links
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> to:
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> --  Info &amp; Guidelines &amp; Timeline
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> --  Sample Excel Sheet for budget input
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> --  Pointer to their Actual budgets as displayed on the Wiki
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> --  Pointer to 'normal &amp; acceptable' expenses as described in the project
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &amp; chapter handbooks.
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Next week I will be scheduling several Conf. calls at various times to
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> handle any Q&amp;A that comes up.
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Since we have not done this with our Chapter leaders for 2-3 years, I
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> would appreciate your support and update on any questions you may receive
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> from the community.
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Best Regards, Paul Ritchie
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> OWASP Executive Director
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/samm">paul.ritchie at owasp.org</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> ---------- Forwarded message ----------
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> From: Paul Ritchie &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/samm">paul.ritchie at owasp.org</A>&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Date: Thu, Oct 29, 2015 at 11:44 AM
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Subject: Invitation to Create 2016 Budget for your OWASP Chapter &amp; Project
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> To: dirk wetter &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/samm">dirk at owasp.org</A>&gt;, Riotaro Okada &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/samm">riotaro.okada at owasp.org</A>&gt;,
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Sen Ueno &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/samm">sen.ueno at owasp.org</A>&gt;, sven vetsch &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/samm">sven.vetsch at owasp.org</A>&gt;,
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Ludovic Petit &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/samm">ludovic.petit at owasp.org</A>&gt;, Sebastien Gioria &lt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/samm">sebastien.gioria at owasp.org</A>&gt;, Denis Andzakovic &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/samm">denis.andzakovic at owasp.org</A>&gt;,
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Kim Carter &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/samm">kim.carter at owasp.org</A>&gt;, Adrian Hayes &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/samm">adrian.hayes at owasp.org</A>&gt;,
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Matteo Meucci &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/samm">matteo.meucci at owasp.org</A>&gt;, Owen Pendlebury &lt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/samm">owen.pendlebury at owasp.org</A>&gt;, Mark Denihan &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/samm">mark.denihan at owasp.org</A>&gt;, Eoin
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Keary &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/samm">eoin.keary at owasp.org</A>&gt;, Tony Clarke &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/samm">tony.clarke at owasp.org</A>&gt;, Seba
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> OWASP &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/samm">seba at owasp.org</A>&gt;, Erlend Oftedal &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/samm">erlend.oftedal at owasp.org</A>&gt;,
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Konstantinos Papapanagiotou &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/samm">Konstantinos at owasp.org</A>&gt;, Justin Clarke &lt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/samm">justin.clarke at owasp.org</A>&gt;, Mattias Bergling &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/samm">mattias.bergling at owasp.org</A>&gt;,
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Robert Malmgren &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/samm">robert.malmgren at owasp.org</A>&gt;, Simon Bennetts &lt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/samm">simon.bennetts at owasp.org</A>&gt;, Andrew van der Stock &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/samm">vanderaj at owasp.org</A>&gt;,
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> daniel cuthbert &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/samm">Daniel at owasp.org</A>&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Cc: Ingo Hanke &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/samm">ingo.hanke at owasp.org</A>&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Hello:
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> If you are receiving this, then you are one of the Chapters or Projects
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> with greater than $5,000 in your budget.  The OWASP Board wants your input
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> on a Chapter or Project level budget outlining your OWASP activities for
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> 2016.
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> In order to make this easy, I've included a short summary of the process,
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> as well as an excel sheet or sample 2016 budget template.
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Your role will be to discuss all this with your chapter leaders and
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> provide a forecast of your 2016 activities for all income &amp; expense related
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> items.  The 2016 budget for your Chapter or Project will then be submitted
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> to the OWASP Foundation by December 1, 2015.
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Info &amp; Guidelines for 2016 Budget Entry
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &lt;<A HREF="https://docs.google.com/document/d/1HnWWXWnsgg2OV4WUos32mQGlVNIET6c3FaL1aUI_6uY/edit?usp=sharing">https://docs.google.com/document/d/1HnWWXWnsgg2OV4WUos32mQGlVNIET6c3FaL1aUI_6uY/edit?usp=sharing</A>&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> 2016 Budget Entry Template, Excel Format
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &lt;<A HREF="https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1RZ6Vu2yK3WMzNrLitYfJTInVcaIYbcRrLpq5n5sJNMc/edit?usp=sharing">https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1RZ6Vu2yK3WMzNrLitYfJTInVcaIYbcRrLpq5n5sJNMc/edit?usp=sharing</A>&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> *Background Info*
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> OWASP Goal:  To encourage Chapters &amp; Projects with &gt;$5,000 in budget to
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> plan their annual activities, and to encourage an increase in activities by
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> using OWASP Funds &#8216;in their control&#8217; to promote the OWASP Mission.
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Timeline
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &#8226; Oct. 29  Announce the program
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &#8226; Nov. 2 &#8211; 13  Schedule Conf. Calls for Q&amp;A,  Paul to send out Invite
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &#8226; Dec. 1  Due Date for Budgets returned to Foundation
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> *Supporting Tools*
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> -- Guidelines for budget creation, see link above
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> -- Sample excel form for budget entry, see link above
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> -- What is my Budget today?  See link
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/11acTOmtmBGq6-5CIGsjlEByU8POSGqda0r23VNnhEGQ/pub?hl=en_US&amp;hl=en_US&amp;output=html">https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/11acTOmtmBGq6-5CIGsjlEByU8POSGqda0r23VNnhEGQ/pub?hl=en_US&amp;hl=en_US&amp;output=html</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> --  What are common and acceptable expenses at Chapter or Project level?
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> See your Chapter Handbook Section 4.7 'Handling Money'.
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> See your Project Handbook Section 8.6 'Project Spending Policy'
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> More info to be provided during Q&amp;A conference calls.
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Best Regards, Paul Ritchie
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> OWASP Executive Director
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/samm">paul.ritchie at owasp.org</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Owasp-board mailing list
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/samm">Owasp-board at lists.owasp.org</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-board">https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-board</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;<i> Owasp-board mailing list
</I>&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/samm">Owasp-board at lists.owasp.org</A>
</I>&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-board">https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-board</A>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>_______________________________________________
Owasp-board mailing list
<A HREF="https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/samm">Owasp-board at lists.owasp.org</A>
<A HREF="https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-board">https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-board</A>
-------------- next part --------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed...
URL: &lt;<A HREF="http://lists.owasp.org/pipermail/samm/attachments/20151111/3c3f9e13/attachment.html">http://lists.owasp.org/pipermail/samm/attachments/20151111/3c3f9e13/attachment.html</A>&gt;
</PRE>



<!--endarticle-->
    <HR>
    <P><UL>
        <!--threads-->
	<LI>Previous message: <A HREF="000744.html">[SAMM] No call today
</A></li>
	<LI>Next message: <A HREF="000746.html">[SAMM] SAMM Project Call reminder - today
</A></li>
         <LI> <B>Messages sorted by:</B> 
              <a href="date.html#745">[ date ]</a>
              <a href="thread.html#745">[ thread ]</a>
              <a href="subject.html#745">[ subject ]</a>
              <a href="author.html#745">[ author ]</a>
         </LI>
       </UL>

<hr>
<a href="https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/samm">More information about the SAMM
mailing list</a><br>
</body></html>
