From justin.clarke at owasp.org  Thu Oct  1 05:53:17 2009
From: justin.clarke at owasp.org (Justin Clarke)
Date: Thu, 01 Oct 2009 10:53:17 +0100
Subject: [Owasp-london] Announcement - Next London OWASP meeting Thursday
 the 5th of November, at Lloyds TSB in South Bank
Message-ID: <C6EA3A9D.128A4%justin.clarke@owasp.org>

This is the announcement for the forthcoming OWASP London chapter meeting to
be held on September 3rd (Thursday next week), at 6:30pm-8:30pm (show up at
venue between 6pm-6:30pm).

We're at same location as the last meeting, at Lloyds TSB who have kindly
agreed to let us use their facilities:

- Lloyds TSB, 5th Floor Seminar Room, Red Lion Court, London SE1 9EQ

Note that the Lloyds TSB building is not well signposted, but is located on
the Thames between the Financial Times building (at Southwark Bridge) and
the Anchor pub. Closest tubes are London Bridge (walk west along the river)
and Mansion House (cross Southwark Bridge).

As last time, we should have plenty of time to talk and network, and should
have some time after the talks to have some more chatting time as well
and/or head out to a local pub afterwards.

If you are planning to attend you must RSVP at
http://owasp-london.eventbrite.com. Note, please enter your real name, as
this will be given to Lloyds TSB building security. If you don't RSVP, you
may not be let into the building. Also note that RSVPs close the morning of
the event (so we can get names on the door), so make sure you RSVP in
advance.

Also, if you are no longer able to attend, please email Justin at
justin.clarke at owasp.org so your space can be released for someone else.

==Talks==

* Using Selenium to hold state for web application penetration testing -
Yiannis Pavlosoglou

Selenium is a web application testing framework often used for unit testing
and functional testing during the later parts of web application
development. This presentation examines how this tool, in particular the
Selenium IDE, can be used for creating security unit tests. By emulating a
systematic logon, logoff or browse to a particular location, web application
penetration tests can be performed using Selenium. Furthermore, fuzzing
payloads can be scripted as inputs for security tests. As a result, issues
of holding state, or having valid authentication credentials to test a
particular input for, say, Cross Site Scripting (XSS) or SQL Injection can
be performed in a much shorter time duration. This presentation will take
the audience through the process of setting up, scripting and running
Selenium against a vulnerable web application. It's aim is to relay back one
successful approach that has been used in the field in order to discover
vulnerabilities through stateful fuzzing.

* The London OWASP Chapter: Where to next? - Justin Clarke

We have a enormous amount of web application security experience and knowhow
in the London area, but the question is how can we tap that at OWASP? And
what can we, or what should we do with that? This session will be an open
discussion (to be continued later over a beer no doubt) to discuss where we
want to go with OWASP London, with you (the participants) being able to
share what you would like to get out of, and what you'd be willing to put
into the OWASP London chapter. Justin will be facilitating the discussion,
but planned topics include growth and outreach, management of the chapter
(i.e. a chapter board?), and what we want to do with our meetings.

==Speakers==

There is a world of numbers, hiding behind letters, inside computers that
stimulates the brain of Yiannis. Currently, he is focusing on research
relating to coding standards, practices and ways of exploiting development
code. This focus entails the breaking and making of client-side standalone,
as well as server-side web applications. As such things need doing for a
living and can take their toll, he is part of Comsec UK, based in London.
For OWASP, Yiannis runs the JBroFuzz project, a tool that has had as an
objective to provide a stable (cross-platform) functional fuzzing tool for
web applications, over HTTP & HTTPS. He has also contributed bits of code to
other projects and co-authored a number of articles and publications,
including v2 of the testing guide.

Justin Clarke is the chief cat herder for the London OWASP chapter. He has
lots of ideas of where we should go next, but thinks people would rather
express these directly than be experimented on.

As always, the details and schedule for the night will be available on the
chapter page ( https://www.owasp.org/index.php/London ).

See you there!

Justin Clarke 




From justin.clarke at owasp.org  Thu Oct  1 06:24:50 2009
From: justin.clarke at owasp.org (Justin Clarke)
Date: Thu, 01 Oct 2009 11:24:50 +0100
Subject: [Owasp-london] Announcement (corrected) - Next London OWASP meeting
 Thursday the 5th of November, at Lloyds TSB in South Bank
Message-ID: <C6EA4202.128BD%justin.clarke@owasp.org>

This is the announcement for the forthcoming OWASP London chapter meeting to
be held on November 5th, at 6:30pm-8:30pm (show up at
venue between 6pm-6:30pm).

We're at same location as the last meeting, at Lloyds TSB who have kindly
agreed to let us use their facilities:

- Lloyds TSB, 5th Floor Seminar Room, Red Lion Court, London SE1 9EQ

Note that the Lloyds TSB building is not well signposted, but is located on
the Thames between the Financial Times building (at Southwark Bridge) and
the Anchor pub. Closest tubes are London Bridge (walk west along the river)
and Mansion House (cross Southwark Bridge).

As last time, we should have plenty of time to talk and network, and should
have some time after the talks to have some more chatting time as well
and/or head out to a local pub afterwards.

If you are planning to attend you must RSVP at
http://owasp-london.eventbrite.com. Note, please enter your real name, as
this will be given to Lloyds TSB building security. If you don't RSVP, you
may not be let into the building. Also note that RSVPs close the morning of
the event (so we can get names on the door), so make sure you RSVP in
advance.

Also, if you are no longer able to attend, please email Justin at
justin.clarke at owasp.org so your space can be released for someone else.

==Talks==

* Using Selenium to hold state for web application penetration testing -
Yiannis Pavlosoglou

Selenium is a web application testing framework often used for unit testing
and functional testing during the later parts of web application
development. This presentation examines how this tool, in particular the
Selenium IDE, can be used for creating security unit tests. By emulating a
systematic logon, logoff or browse to a particular location, web application
penetration tests can be performed using Selenium. Furthermore, fuzzing
payloads can be scripted as inputs for security tests. As a result, issues
of holding state, or having valid authentication credentials to test a
particular input for, say, Cross Site Scripting (XSS) or SQL Injection can
be performed in a much shorter time duration. This presentation will take
the audience through the process of setting up, scripting and running
Selenium against a vulnerable web application. It's aim is to relay back one
successful approach that has been used in the field in order to discover
vulnerabilities through stateful fuzzing.

* The London OWASP Chapter: Where to next? - Justin Clarke

We have a enormous amount of web application security experience and knowhow
in the London area, but the question is how can we tap that at OWASP? And
what can we, or what should we do with that? This session will be an open
discussion (to be continued later over a beer no doubt) to discuss where we
want to go with OWASP London, with you (the participants) being able to
share what you would like to get out of, and what you'd be willing to put
into the OWASP London chapter. Justin will be facilitating the discussion,
but planned topics include growth and outreach, management of the chapter
(i.e. a chapter board?), and what we want to do with our meetings.

==Speakers==

There is a world of numbers, hiding behind letters, inside computers that
stimulates the brain of Yiannis. Currently, he is focusing on research
relating to coding standards, practices and ways of exploiting development
code. This focus entails the breaking and making of client-side standalone,
as well as server-side web applications. As such things need doing for a
living and can take their toll, he is part of Comsec UK, based in London.
For OWASP, Yiannis runs the JBroFuzz project, a tool that has had as an
objective to provide a stable (cross-platform) functional fuzzing tool for
web applications, over HTTP & HTTPS. He has also contributed bits of code to
other projects and co-authored a number of articles and publications,
including v2 of the testing guide.

Justin Clarke is the chief cat herder for the London OWASP chapter. He has
lots of ideas of where we should go next, but thinks people would rather
express these directly than be experimented on.

As always, the details and schedule for the night will be available on the
chapter page ( https://www.owasp.org/index.php/London ).

See you there!

Justin Clarke 






From justin.clarke at owasp.org  Thu Oct 22 07:19:27 2009
From: justin.clarke at owasp.org (Justin Clarke)
Date: Thu, 22 Oct 2009 12:19:27 +0100
Subject: [Owasp-london] Reminder - Next London OWASP meeting Thursday the
 5th of November, at Lloyds TSB in South Bank
Message-ID: <C705FE4F.13756%justin.clarke@owasp.org>

This is a reminder for the forthcoming OWASP London chapter meeting to be
held on November 5th, at 6:30pm-8:30pm (show up at venue between
6pm-6:30pm).

We're at same location as the last meeting, at Lloyds TSB who have kindly
agreed to let us use their facilities:

- Lloyds TSB, 5th Floor Seminar Room, Red Lion Court, London SE1 9EQ

Note that the Lloyds TSB building is not well signposted, but is located on
the Thames between the Financial Times building (at Southwark Bridge) and
the Anchor pub. Closest tubes are London Bridge (walk west along the river)
and Mansion House (cross Southwark Bridge).

As last time, we should have plenty of time to talk and network, and should
have some time after the talks to have some more chatting time as well
and/or head out to a local pub afterwards.

If you are planning to attend you must RSVP at
http://owasp-london.eventbrite.com. Note, please enter your real name, as
this will be given to Lloyds TSB building security. If you don't RSVP, you
may not be let into the building. Also note that RSVPs close the morning of
the event (so we can get names on the door), so make sure you RSVP in
advance.

Also, if you are no longer able to attend, please email Justin at
justin.clarke at owasp.org so your space can be released for someone else.

==Talks==

* Using Selenium to hold state for web application penetration testing -
Yiannis Pavlosoglou

Selenium is a web application testing framework often used for unit testing
and functional testing during the later parts of web application
development. This presentation examines how this tool, in particular the
Selenium IDE, can be used for creating security unit tests. By emulating a
systematic logon, logoff or browse to a particular location, web application
penetration tests can be performed using Selenium. Furthermore, fuzzing
payloads can be scripted as inputs for security tests. As a result, issues
of holding state, or having valid authentication credentials to test a
particular input for, say, Cross Site Scripting (XSS) or SQL Injection can
be performed in a much shorter time duration. This presentation will take
the audience through the process of setting up, scripting and running
Selenium against a vulnerable web application. It's aim is to relay back one
successful approach that has been used in the field in order to discover
vulnerabilities through stateful fuzzing.

* The London OWASP Chapter: Where to next? - Justin Clarke

We have a enormous amount of web application security experience and knowhow
in the London area, but the question is how can we tap that at OWASP? And
what can we, or what should we do with that? This session will be an open
discussion (to be continued later over a beer no doubt) to discuss where we
want to go with OWASP London, with you (the participants) being able to
share what you would like to get out of, and what you'd be willing to put
into the OWASP London chapter. Justin will be facilitating the discussion,
but planned topics include growth and outreach, management of the chapter
(i.e. a chapter board?), and what we want to do with our meetings.

==Speakers==

There is a world of numbers, hiding behind letters, inside computers that
stimulates the brain of Yiannis. Currently, he is focusing on research
relating to coding standards, practices and ways of exploiting development
code. This focus entails the breaking and making of client-side standalone,
as well as server-side web applications. As such things need doing for a
living and can take their toll, he is part of Comsec UK, based in London.
For OWASP, Yiannis runs the JBroFuzz project, a tool that has had as an
objective to provide a stable (cross-platform) functional fuzzing tool for
web applications, over HTTP & HTTPS. He has also contributed bits of code to
other projects and co-authored a number of articles and publications,
including v2 of the testing guide.

Justin Clarke is the chief cat herder for the London OWASP chapter. He has
lots of ideas of where we should go next, but thinks people would rather
express these directly than be experimented on.

As always, the details and schedule for the night will be available on the
chapter page ( https://www.owasp.org/index.php/London ).

See you there!

Justin Clarke 








