<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<HTML>
 <HEAD>
   <TITLE> [Women_In_AppSec] [Owasp-leaders] [Owasp-board] Proposal for	OWASP Global Chapters Committee
   </TITLE>
   <LINK REL="Index" HREF="index.html" >
   <LINK REL="made" HREF="mailto:owasp-women-in-appsec%40lists.owasp.org?Subject=Re%3A%20%5BWomen_In_AppSec%5D%20%5BOwasp-leaders%5D%20%5BOwasp-board%5D%20Proposal%20for%0A%09OWASP%20Global%20Chapters%20Committee&In-Reply-To=%3CCAM%3DttPKrod%2BegSmR0YuB7gCC6qzmEqdm17EbW5firfJtdqnv9g%40mail.gmail.com%3E">
   <META NAME="robots" CONTENT="index,nofollow">
   <style type="text/css">
       pre {
           white-space: pre-wrap;       /* css-2.1, curent FF, Opera, Safari */
           }
   </style>
   <META http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=us-ascii">
   <LINK REL="Previous"  HREF="000606.html">
   <LINK REL="Next"  HREF="000608.html">
 </HEAD>
 <BODY BGCOLOR="#ffffff">
   <H1>[Women_In_AppSec] [Owasp-leaders] [Owasp-board] Proposal for	OWASP Global Chapters Committee</H1>
    <B>Zoe Braiterman</B> 
    <A HREF="mailto:owasp-women-in-appsec%40lists.owasp.org?Subject=Re%3A%20%5BWomen_In_AppSec%5D%20%5BOwasp-leaders%5D%20%5BOwasp-board%5D%20Proposal%20for%0A%09OWASP%20Global%20Chapters%20Committee&In-Reply-To=%3CCAM%3DttPKrod%2BegSmR0YuB7gCC6qzmEqdm17EbW5firfJtdqnv9g%40mail.gmail.com%3E"
       TITLE="[Women_In_AppSec] [Owasp-leaders] [Owasp-board] Proposal for	OWASP Global Chapters Committee">zoe.braiterman at owasp.org
       </A><BR>
    <I>Mon Sep 10 10:12:58 UTC 2018</I>
    <P><UL>
        <LI>Previous message: <A HREF="000606.html">[Women_In_AppSec] Verbiage Update - OWASP WIA Sponsor doc - AppSec	USA 2018.pdf
</A></li>
        <LI>Next message: <A HREF="000608.html">[Women_In_AppSec] [OWASP-chapters] [Owasp-leaders] [Owasp-board] Proposal for OWASP Global Chapters Committee
</A></li>
         <LI> <B>Messages sorted by:</B> 
              <a href="date.html#607">[ date ]</a>
              <a href="thread.html#607">[ thread ]</a>
              <a href="subject.html#607">[ subject ]</a>
              <a href="author.html#607">[ author ]</a>
         </LI>
       </UL>
    <HR>  
<!--beginarticle-->
<PRE>Hi Josh and all,

I agree with @Josh and support the proposal. So far, the WIA Committee is
the only OWASP Committee set to be run under the Committees 2.0 Operational
Model.

I definitely see the potential opportunity for value and sustainability
from an OWASP Chapters Committee, at the global and local Chapter community
levels.

&gt;<i>From my experience, the ongoing, extra volunteer work (online
</I>communications and monthly global Committee calls, outside of local
meetings / events) has been worthwhile as a means of continuous
collaboration and driving the global OWASP mission. That said, many
discussions I&#8217;ve had (regarding WIA and otherwise) confirm my reasons for
agreeing. I also copy the WIA Officers inbox and WIA Committee mailing list
here.

I look forward to conintued discussion / collaboration of the Committee
Adoption, based on my perspective as both an OWASP Committee Chair and a
Brooklyn Chapter member.

Best,
Zoe



On Sun, Sep 9, 2018 at 11:59 AM Bev Corwin &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-women-in-appsec">bev.corwin at owasp.org</A>&gt; wrote:

&gt;<i> +1 Josh, I support Josh and will be happy to share our experiences with
</I>&gt;<i> the new Brooklyn chapter.
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> Bev
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> On Sun, Sep 9, 2018 at 11:25 AM, Bil Corry &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-women-in-appsec">bil.corry at owasp.org</A>&gt; wrote:
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Hi Martin,
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Josh had the same thought, he shared the same link in the first sentence
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> of the first email in this thread:
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="http://lists.owasp.org/pipermail/owasp-leaders/2018-September/019352.html">http://lists.owasp.org/pipermail/owasp-leaders/2018-September/019352.html</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> - Bil
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> On Sep 9, 2018, at 1:41 AM, Martin Knobloch &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-women-in-appsec">martin.knobloch at owasp.org</A>&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> wrote:
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Hi Josh,
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Just to make sure everyone is on the same page on the committee policy
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> and guidelines, I want to share this link:
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://www.owasp.org/index.php/Governance/OWASP_Committees#OWASP_Committees_2.0_Operational_Model">https://www.owasp.org/index.php/Governance/OWASP_Committees#OWASP_Committees_2.0_Operational_Model</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Kind regards,
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> -martin
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> On Saturday, September 8, 2018, Josh Sokol &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-women-in-appsec">josh.sokol at owasp.org</A>&gt; wrote:
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> This is exactly the kind of issues we are trying to address with this
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> committee.  If you have a question about how something should work or want
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> advice on how to do something, that shouldn't go into a support queue and
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> wait weeks for a response from a staff member.  Instead, my proposal would
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> leverage regional and global leaders with actual experience running
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> chapters to help answer these questions.  Even better, as a new chapter
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> leader, you should be partnered with a mentor from one one of our more
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> experienced chapters to help coach you.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Any of our Chapter Leaders, or anyone else for that matter, interested
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> in furthering this cause, we don't need the Board or ED's approval to do
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> so.  I've started a new #chapters channel in Slack for that purpose.  Come
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> and join us:
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://join.slack.com/t/owasp/shared_invite/enQtNDI5MzgxMDQ2MTAwLTEyNzIzYWQ2NDZiMGIwNmJhYzYxZDJiNTM0ZmZiZmJlY2EwZmMwYjAyNmJjNzQxNzMyMWY4OTk3ZTQ0MzFhMDY">https://join.slack.com/t/owasp/shared_invite/enQtNDI5MzgxMDQ2MTAwLTEyNzIzYWQ2NDZiMGIwNmJhYzYxZDJiNTM0ZmZiZmJlY2EwZmMwYjAyNmJjNzQxNzMyMWY4OTk3ZTQ0MzFhMDY</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> It's probably worth noting, however, that despite being asked for a
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &quot;civil discussion and substantive proposal&quot;, and providing what I felt was
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> a genuinely substantive step in that direction, I received a follow-up
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> e-mail from Karen saying that they'd like to put this proposal on hold for
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> two months while they hold three town halls to discuss the &quot;holistic
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> sustainability of the foundation&quot;.  To put it another way, what I warned of
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> in my response to Greg's e-mail is exactly what the Board and ED were
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> looking to do, they just haven't been straightforward in their discussions
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> about it.  These conversations have been going on in closed door meetings
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> and private e-mail threads, and not on the OWASP-Board mailing list in the
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> spirit of openness and transparency.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> ~josh
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> On Sat, Sep 8, 2018 at 12:39 AM John Patrick Lita &lt;
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-women-in-appsec">john.patrick.lita at owasp.org</A>&gt; wrote:
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Hi all
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> I know all that we have problems with each chapters, and i hope that
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> the global committee will also have a program from ASEAN Region.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> My Chapter in Philippines was idle for a while. I just notice that
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> everytime there is a Conference in STATE no one can answer my questions or
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> query because everyone is busy for Conference.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> I hope the support is flexible for me as a chapter leader i have so
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> many question and need more guidance to make my chapter more productive and
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> active to the community.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Thanks
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> On Fri, Sep 7, 2018, 11:51 PM Travis McPeak &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-women-in-appsec">travis.mcpeak at gmail.com</A>&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> wrote:
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Hi all,
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> After discussing this with Josh, I'd like to say I misunderstood the
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> intent of the committee. I was concerned that this would turn into a lot of
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> endless debate with little action items. What Josh is proposing is the
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> exact opposite of this.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> When I started as a new chapter leader, I found a surprising lack of
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> resources or lots of outdated resources for me to draw on. With the volume
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> of experience we all have as chapter leaders there's no reason why common
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> problems like these shouldn't be addressed quickly with a
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> divide-and-conquer approach. Those interested can be empowered and
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> supported with the necessary resources to go make things better. I now
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> believe this is the intent of the committee and I look forward to the
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> awesome things that will come from a result of it.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> -Travis (Bay Area)
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> On Tue, Sep 4, 2018 at 1:26 PM Milton Smith &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-women-in-appsec">milton.smith at owasp.org</A>&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> wrote:
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> This seems like a great proposal to me Josh.  The committees
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> operational model looks well written and considers OWASP committee
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> organization/operations from the OWASP member perspective.  It&#8217;s great to
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> have your knowledge and the knowledge of past leaders/staff.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Clearly OWASP is experiencing some growing pains.  We are looking at
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> committees for this area but perhaps committees should be considered more
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> broadly for other areas where diverse opinion exists?  Properly
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> representing everyone&#8217;s opinions is difficult in a global organization.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Josh and Martin your both amazing, you&#8217;ve both been improving the security
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> space for many years, and I appreciate your leadership and enthusiasm for
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> building a better OWASP.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &#8212;Milton
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> On Sep 1, 2018, at 2:28 PM, Josh Sokol &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-women-in-appsec">josh.sokol at owasp.org</A>&gt; wrote:
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Dear OWASP Leaders,
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> As per the OWASP Committees 2.0 Operational Model
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &lt;<A HREF="https://www.owasp.org/index.php/Governance/OWASP_Committees">https://www.owasp.org/index.php/Governance/OWASP_Committees</A>&gt;,
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> approved by a vote of the OWASP Board of Directors on July 16, 2014, I
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> would like to formally propose the creation of a new &quot;OWASP Global Chapters
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Committee&quot;.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> My rationale for the creation of this new committee is that our
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> community has made a number of observations about inadequacies in the ways
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> our Chapters interact with the OWASP Foundation, it's Staff, and the
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Board.  This committee would serve as a new form of governance within the
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> OWASP Foundation, cutting red tape and empowering our chapter leaders to
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> better serve the mission of OWASP while still adhering to the OWASP Core
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Values of openness, innovation, being a global community, and integrity.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> We will focus on strengthening the OWASP Chapters through education,
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> networking, and driving value to our members.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Topics that are within scope for the OWASP Global Chapters Committee
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> include, but are not limited to:
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>    - *Leadership Requirements: *The committee will be responsible
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>    for defining requirements for new chapter leaders and create a community
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>    vetting process.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>    - *Activity Requirements: *The committee will be responsible for
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>    defining the minimum activity requirements for chapters and will
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>    periodically review chapters for meeting those minimum requirements.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>    - *Mentorship: *Programs will be created to pair new chapter
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>    leaders together with more experienced ones.  Budgets will be established
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>    in order to facilitate mentees attendance of mentor chapter meetings.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>    - *Projects Partnership Tours: *To emphasize the importance of
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>    projects, a budget will be established for projects to hold regional tours
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>    of chapters where they will speak and show off their projects.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>    - *Budgets: *The committee will be a resource for OWASP policies
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>    and procedures when it comes to the budget process and ensuring that it is
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>    being followed.  The committee will help identify opportunities for chapter
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>    leaders to spend their money.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>    - *Policy: *The committee will review and revise the Chapter
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>    Leader Handbook on a periodic basis.  They will assess gaps in existing
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>    policies and help to create new policies or redefine existing policies to
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>    address gaps.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>    - *Guidance: *The committee will serve to help guide other
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>    leaders with any questions that they have.  They will assist with finding
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>    speakers.  They will help to recommend topics for presentations.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>    - *Feedback: *The committee will survey chapter leadership on
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>    pertinent topics and be a listening outlet for chapter needs.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>    - *Conflict Resolution: *The committee will serve as a tribunal
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>    for conflicts among and between chapters.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>    - *Local and Regional Events: *The committee will help to guide
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>    chapter leaders on how to start and run local and regional events.  A
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>    &quot;startup&quot; budget will be formed from existing event revenues in order to
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>    seed investment in more events, helping additional chapters to be able to
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>    raise enough money to cover their expenses and innovate.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>    - *Board Guidance: *The committee will work with the Board on any
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>    initiatives they have as they relate to chapter policies, governance,
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>    budgets, or otherwise.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> This scoping was developed by myself and Tiffany Long in an effort to
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> cover many of the issues our chapters face on a routine basis.  It is not a
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> comprehensive list and I'd certainly welcome suggestions from others in our
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> community.  Moreso, it is my hope that others will be interested in
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> participating in and contributing to this committee.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Per the Committee Creation section of the Committees 2.0 Operational
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Model, this is now up for a community discussion with a Board vote to
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> follow.  I hereby formally request that this be added as a topic for vote
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> at the September 19th OWASP Board meeting.  Thank you.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Sincerely,
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Josh Sokol
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> OWASP Board Member 2014-2017
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> OWASP Austin Chapter Leader
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> OWASP LASCON Conference Co-Founder
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> OWASP-Leaders mailing list
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-women-in-appsec">OWASP-Leaders at lists.owasp.org</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-leaders">https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-leaders</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> OWASP-Leaders mailing list
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-women-in-appsec">OWASP-Leaders at lists.owasp.org</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-leaders">https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-leaders</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> --
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> -Travis
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> OWASP-Leaders mailing list
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-women-in-appsec">OWASP-Leaders at lists.owasp.org</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-leaders">https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-leaders</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Owasp-chapters mailing list
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-women-in-appsec">Owasp-chapters at lists.owasp.org</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-chapters">https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-chapters</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> --
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Kind regards,
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> -martin
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Martin Knobloch
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> _______________________
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> OWASP Chairman of the BOD
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> OWASP Netherlands Chapter Leader
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Email:   <A HREF="https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-women-in-appsec">martin.knobloch at owasp.org</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Mobile: +31623226933
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Web:    <A HREF="https://www.owasp.org">https://www.owasp.org</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Owasp-board mailing list
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-women-in-appsec">Owasp-board at lists.owasp.org</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-board">https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-board</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Owasp-board mailing list
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-women-in-appsec">Owasp-board at lists.owasp.org</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-board">https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-board</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;<i> OWASP-Leaders mailing list
</I>&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-women-in-appsec">OWASP-Leaders at lists.owasp.org</A>
</I>&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-leaders">https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-leaders</A>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>-- 
*Zoe Braiterman*
Chair, OWASP Women in AppSec (WIA) Committee - <A HREF="https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-women-in-appsec">wia at owasp.org</A>
Vice Chair, OWASP NIST NSTIC IDESG (NNI) Initiative
Learning Lead, OWASP Mentors Initiative &amp; Learning Gateway Project
-------------- next part --------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed...
URL: &lt;<A HREF="http://lists.owasp.org/pipermail/owasp-women-in-appsec/attachments/20180910/878b9783/attachment-0001.html">http://lists.owasp.org/pipermail/owasp-women-in-appsec/attachments/20180910/878b9783/attachment-0001.html</A>&gt;
</PRE>


<!--endarticle-->
    <HR>
    <P><UL>
        <!--threads-->
	<LI>Previous message: <A HREF="000606.html">[Women_In_AppSec] Verbiage Update - OWASP WIA Sponsor doc - AppSec	USA 2018.pdf
</A></li>
	<LI>Next message: <A HREF="000608.html">[Women_In_AppSec] [OWASP-chapters] [Owasp-leaders] [Owasp-board] Proposal for OWASP Global Chapters Committee
</A></li>
         <LI> <B>Messages sorted by:</B> 
              <a href="date.html#607">[ date ]</a>
              <a href="thread.html#607">[ thread ]</a>
              <a href="subject.html#607">[ subject ]</a>
              <a href="author.html#607">[ author ]</a>
         </LI>
       </UL>

<hr>
<a href="https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-women-in-appsec">More information about the owasp-women-in-appsec
mailing list</a><br>
</body></html>
