From adrian.winckles at owasp.org  Wed Sep  6 23:01:48 2017
From: adrian.winckles at owasp.org (Adrian Winckles)
Date: Thu, 7 Sep 2017 00:01:48 +0100
Subject: [Owasp-cambridge] =?utf-8?q?Reminder_=26_Updated_Prizes_-_OWASP_C?=
	=?utf-8?q?ambridge_Chapter_Securing_Coding_Tournament_and_Seminar_?=
	=?utf-8?q?Event_-_Tuesday_12th_September_2017_17=3A00_=E2=80=93_21?=
	=?utf-8?b?OjAw?=
Message-ID: <CA+VM_Tp7HMrZksi1Q-UJvJqHV70za7ewdctharOq6KjruYmXmQ@mail.gmail.com>

Dear All

Gentle reminder about OWASP Cambridge's Secure Coding Tournament & Talk
this coming Tuesday

Just to note we've had additional prizes kindly donated by Secure Code
Warrior

1st Prize - Parrot Mini Drone Airborne Cargo Mars Drone - White + Secure
Code Warrior shirt

2nd Prize - Sega Portable Console with 30 Built-In Games + Secure Code
Warrior shirt

3rd Prize - Red5 Desktop Arcade Machine + Secure Code Warrior shirt

Social Media Winner - Secure Code Warrior shirt

Student 1st Prize

Free Entry to Canbridge Wireless?s ?Inclusive Innovation Conference? 19th
September at the Bradfield Centre, Cambridge Science Park (worth ?75) +
Raspberry Pi Zero

Additional spot prizes (OWASP Swag) for OWASP Cambridge Chapter

For event details, please see attached or visit

https://www.eventbrite.com/e/owasp-cambridge-chapter-securing-coding-tournament-and-seminar-event-tickets-37160302465

Look forward to seeing everyone on Tuesday, bring your development team

Adrian
-------------- next part --------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed...
URL: <http://lists.owasp.org/pipermail/owasp-cambridge/attachments/20170907/43177fbc/attachment-0001.html>
-------------- next part --------------
A non-text attachment was scrubbed...
Name: OWASP Cambridge Chapter Secure Coding Toiurnament and Seminar Tuesday 12th September 2017 v1-1.pdf
Type: application/pdf
Size: 156756 bytes
Desc: not available
URL: <http://lists.owasp.org/pipermail/owasp-cambridge/attachments/20170907/43177fbc/attachment-0001.pdf>

From adrian.winckles at owasp.org  Thu Sep 14 10:31:08 2017
From: adrian.winckles at owasp.org (Adrian Winckles)
Date: Thu, 14 Sep 2017 11:31:08 +0100
Subject: [Owasp-cambridge] Tuesdays Secure Coding Tournament
Message-ID: <CA+VM_Tp7mHEKmza=agdXfoWp7hNqxTVSxiCmp7XLZ45bb9w6PA@mail.gmail.com>

Dear All

For those that couldn?t make Tuesday , Secure Code WArrior  would also like
to offer you the chance to work on their secure coding skills by allowing
you access to the platform too.

You can use the link and token key below to register:

Link: https://portal.securecodewarrior.com/#/register
Token Key: *573 950 658 275*

You will have access to the platform until the 31st of September.

Kind regards

Adrian
-------------- next part --------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed...
URL: <http://lists.owasp.org/pipermail/owasp-cambridge/attachments/20170914/9c9931c3/attachment.html>

From adrian.winckles at owasp.org  Wed Sep 20 00:54:58 2017
From: adrian.winckles at owasp.org (Adrian Winckles)
Date: Wed, 20 Sep 2017 01:54:58 +0100
Subject: [Owasp-cambridge] =?utf-8?q?Joint_BCS_DevSecOps/Cybercrime_Forens?=
	=?utf-8?q?ics_SGs_and_OWASP_Cambridge_=E2=80=9CSocial_Media_=26_Fa?=
	=?utf-8?q?ux_News_Forensics=E2=80=9D_-_Wednesday_11th_October_2017?=
	=?utf-8?q?_1_-_6=3A30pm?=
Message-ID: <CA+VM_TrTc3WvuvLC7KMpFqRzi25zzmqRzAtXmWb2R+LRnUMeWA@mail.gmail.com>

Joint BCS DevSecOps/Cybercrime Forensics SGs and OWASP Cambridge ?Social
Media & Faux News Forensics?

Wednesday 11th October 2017 13:00 ? 18:30, Lord Ashcroft Building (LAB003),
Anglia Ruskin University, Cambridge.

Hosted by the Cyber Security & Networking Research Group, Anglia Ruskin
University, British Computer Society (BCS) DevSecOps & Cybercrime Forensics
Special Internet Group?s and OWASP (Open Web Application Security Project)
Cambridge Chapter

As the digital world we knew continues to endlessly evolve, we must
continue to adapt how we conduct cyber investigations. Evidence sources
continue to grow rapidly.  If we fail to keep up, the collection and
validation of evidence during a cyber investigation will become a much more
fraught task. For those investigators with a thorough understanding of how
to leverage improvements in technology combined with the growing wealth of
information available online,  the evidence extracted during a digital
forensic investigation ultimately created a more solid case.

Cyber investigations involving social media and social networks are
becoming the norm. With new applications, links, techniques, and roadblocks
discovered daily, social networks are rapidly progressing. Common platforms
like Facebook, Twitter, and LinkedIn are becoming a smaller part of an ever
growing and changing landscape. There are also many other evolving and
changing social networks like Google Plus, Quora, Instagram, Groupon,
Pinterest, and LoveIt and thats not even counting the thousands of blogs
and special interest forums that exist

With so much relevant evidence available on social media. there are also
many new issues which are different from what investigators have
traditionally dealt with in traditional digital forensics. In the past
digital forensics investigators understood the terms and conditions for
extracting digital evidence from a piece of hardware in the possession of
the investigator, such as a computer hard drive or the flash memory on a
smartphone.  The evidence obtained could easily be corroborated by a third
party  if someone challenged how investigators had carried their work, a
third party could easily corroborate the findings by reviewing the same
hard drive which the investigator kept in an evidence store however this is
certainly not the case with social media...

An alarming phenomenon of this rise in social media use is the growth of
?faux or fake news? issue.  While this concept has many synonyms -
disinformation campaigns, cyber  propaganda,  cognitive  hacking,  and
information  warfare - it?s  just  one  facet  of  a much larger  problem:
the  manipulation of public opinion to affect the real world.  Due to
global digital connectivity and platforms making it possible to share and
spread information, traditional challenges such as physical borders and
time/distance constraints no longer exist.

Fake news is the promotion and propagation of  news  articles  via
social  media.
These articles  are  promoted  in  such  a  way  that  they  appear  to  be
spread by other users, as opposed to being paid-for advertising. The news
stories distributed are designed to influence or manipulate users? opinions
on a certain topic towards certain objectives.  For example, by
manipulating the balance of how a particular topic is reported (whether
that concerns politics, foreign affairs or something  more commercial),  the
views  on  that  topic  can  be  changed.  This can be done either with
inaccurate facts or with accurate ones twisted to favour a particular view
or side.

*Background *

BCS DevSecOps Group fosters the awareness of tools and technologies
regarding the acceleration and automation of code development to
deployment, known as DevOps.  It is both a work culture and complex,
rapidly evolving toolchains both difficult to introduce and use effectively.
It covers cultural, technical, management and security aspects.

The British Computer Society (BCS) Cybercrime Forensics Special Interest
Group (SIG) promotes Cybercrime Forensics and the use of Cybercrime
Forensics; of relevance to computing professionals, lawyers, law
enforcement officers, academics and those interested in the use of
Cybercrime Forensics and the need to address cybercrime for the benefit of
those groups and of the wider public.

OWASP (Open Web Application Security Project is a 501(c)(3) not-for-profit
worldwide charitable organization focused on improving the security of
application software. Their mission is to make application security
visible, so that people and organizations can make informed decisions about
true application security risks.

The *Cyber Security and Networking *(*CSN*) Research Group at Anglia Ruskin
University has close working strategic relationships with industry,
professional bodies, law enforcement, government agencies and academia in
the delivery of operationally focused applied information and application
security research.  We have strong international links with professional
organisations such as OWASP, BCS, ISC2, IISP & the UK Cyber Security Forum
amongst others.  The primary aims of CSNRG are to help the UK and partner
nations to tackle cybercrime, be more resilient to cyber attacks and
educate its users for a more secure cyberspace and operational business
environment.  These will be achieved through the investigation of threats
posed to information systems and understanding the impact of attacks and
creation of cyber-based warning systems which gathering threat
intelligence, automate threat detection, alert users and neutralising
attacks.  For network security we are researching securing the next
generation of software defined infrastructures from the application API and
control/data plane attacks. Other key work includes Computer forensic
analysis, digital evidence crime scenes and evidence visualisation as well
as Cyber educational approaches such as developing Capture the Flag (CTF)
resources and application security programs.

*Speaker Abstracts & Biographies *

*Dr Char Sample ? Data Infidelity and Fake News: Software Security?s Soft
Underbelly? *

*Biography - Dr Char Sample*

Dr Char Sample is cyber security researcher and fellow at ICF
International, in Maryland, U.S. Her prior work includes as security
solutions engineer with CERT, Carnegie-Mellon; and International Fellow at
Warwick University.

Dr Sample is an academically and professionally experienced cyber security
professional with over 19 years of experience in network security and
software engineering. Her internet security experiences include threat
intelligence research,cloud computing, security metrics, expertise with
firewalls, IDS, IPS, Anomaly Detection, DNS, DNSSEC, Mail, routing,
authentication, encryption, secure network architectures, cloud computing
(IaaS, PaaS) and Unix internals.   Dr Sample is internationally recognized
as the leading expert in quantitative cultural cyber threat intelligence.
Her publications include both academic and industry conferences and
journals.

*Abstract*

Bad data can create more than just 'fake news.' Expert Dr Char Sample
explains how cognitive hacking and weaponized information can undermine
enterprise security.

One of the major security stories from the 2016 US Presidential election
was not the breach of voter databases, the suspected hacking of the voting
machines or even the vote counting. The biggest security story was the use
of weaponized information in support of cognitive hacking, defined in a
2002 Dartmouth College research paper as a cyberattack designed to change
human users' perceptions and corresponding behaviors.

Disregarding the political dimensions of  elections, the real reason for
this interest is that security software is vulnerable to the same problem.
That is, the data entered into security products, whether by a human or a
machine, is trusted to be a faithful representation of reality.

*Dennis Ivory and Dr Diane Gan - Your Personal Information Stolen In Under
2 Minutes*

*Biography ? Dennis Ivory *

Dennis Ivory recently graduated with a first class degree in BSc Computer
Security and Digital Forensics from the University of Greenwich. He is
currently employed as a post-graduate researcher within the Department of
Computing and Information Systems, where he is undertaking research with
the Cyber-SAFE security research team into security issues in the Internet
of Everything.

*Abstract*

One of the single biggest threats to personal security is a targeted social
engineering attack. Attackers are becoming more sophisticated at tricking
people into giving away their personal details by using these types of
attacks gained from information harvested from social media (Twitter,
Facebook, etc.). More people than ever have an online presence, with 2.34bn
people (37% of the world population) now using some form of social media
[Statista. 2017]. Many of these users are either new to these platforms or
are unaware of the seriousness of adding a lot of personal information
about themselves on, for example, their Facebook page. This research set
out to determine how people perceive their own online privacy and how this
relates to what is actually available to anyone searching about them online
who had no connection with them via their social media sites.

A survey was conducted to identify how individuals perceived their own
online security and to determine what they had knowingly published online.
There were 252 volunteer responders. The vast majority of these volunteers
were students at the University of Greenwich but only 43% were studying
computing degrees. The split of female (58%) to male (42%) participants was
reasonably balanced and the largest age range was 18 to 23, as expected in
a university population. The second phase of this work was to investigate
what information could actually be found online about each of these
participants. Searches were conducted on each person using Facebook,
Twitter and the Google search engine. The fastest search found the
subject?s full name, picture and the places that they had visited in the
last few days in 14 seconds. The vast majority of these investigations
(166) took less than 2 minutes to gain access to a significant amount of
the subject?s personal information, including details which they did not
think could be found online. This presentation presents the results of this
experiment.

*Stuart Clarke ? Nuix - Relationship Centric Data Analysis using Social
Media and Other Forensic Sources*

*Biography ? Stuart Clarke*

Stuart is an internationally respected information security expert who is
responsible for the overall security and intelligence strategy and delivery
at Nuix. During his time at the company, Stuart has advised the United
Nations? peak cybersecurity body ITU and provided cybersecurity training
for over 60 computer emergency response teams. He led the development of
Nuix Investigation & Response, an innovative investigative tool used to
delve into the causes and scope of data breaches. He also currently leads
the development of Nuix Insight Analytics & Intelligence, a powerful
security intelligence platform.

Stuart has a deep understanding of the Nuix technology and capabilities.
Prior to joining Nuix, he used Nuix offerings extensively in breach
response. He brings that understanding together with a vision for the
cybersecurity needs of Nuix?s current and prospective clients. He holds a
Bachelor of Science degree with honors in Computer Forensics and a Master?s
Degree in Business Administration. He has developed and delivered training
for a Master of Science program in Computer Security and Forensics, has
contributed to a book covering evidence preservation as well as published
several industry-recognized white papers.

*Abstract*

The traditional item centric and linear approach to digital evidence is
effective, however is straining under the ever-increasing volume and
variety of data that individuals generate. Social media and mobile data is
now overtaking traditional computer based sources of evidence and it is
becoming key for forensic investigators to correlate disparate pieces of
information that reveal a bigger picture.

This session will explore how relationship centric analysis can accelerate
investigations and provide a deeper level of visibility and understanding
of various investigative scenarios. We will see how analysts can use
advanced technologies to find hidden connections from something as simple
as an account handle or alias and turn what?s outwardly disparate into a
clear picture.



*Dr. Ali Dehghantanha - Digital Forensics in Social Internet of Things:
Opportunities and Challenges*

*Biography -**  Dr. Ali Dehghantanha*



Dr. Ali Dehghantanha is a Marie-Curie International Incoming Fellow in
Cyber Forensics, a fellow of the UK Higher Education Academy (HEA) and an
IEEE Sr. member. He  has served for many years in a variety of research and
industrial positions. Other than Ph.D in Cyber  Security he holds several
professional certificates such as GXPN, GREM, GCFA, CISM, and CISSP. His
main research interests are cyber threat intelligence, threat hunting and
digital forensics.

*Abstract*

IoT as a world-wide network of interconnected and uniquely addressable
objects would soon pervade all aspects of our life from managing our home
temperature to thinking cars and smart management of the cities. The Social
Internet of Things (SIoT) stands beyond IoT as environments in which
information gained from IoT nodes are merged with social networking
principles to enable social driven human to device interactions. SIoT
concept facilitates social interactions by enabling smart devices to play a
more active social role. While there are many challenges in realizing the
SIoT vision, digital forensics is probably the least discussed issue! This
talk would first start with describing architecture and developing
technologies to materialise SIoT vision. Moreover, it sheds light on
challenges a forensics investigator would face in identification,
collection, preservation and analysis of evidences in a SIoT environment.
Finally, some ideas are suggested for future development of tools,
techniques and procedure to possibly overcome forensics challenges in SIoT
environments.

*Provisional Agenda *

13:00 ? 14:00 Registration & Refreshments (LAB006)

14:00 ? 14:05 Welcome from the OWASP Cambridge Chapter Leader, Adrian
Winckles, Director of Cyber Security & Networking Research Group, Anglia
Ruskin University

14:05 ? 14:55 Dr Char Sample - Data Infidelity and Fake News: Software
Security?s Soft Underbelly?

14:55 ? 15:45 Dr Diane Gan & Dennis Ivory ? Your Personal Information
Exposed in under 2 Minutes

15:45 ? 16:15 Refreshments, Networking & Industry Demo?s

16:15 - 17:00 Dr Ali Dehghantanha ? Digital Forensics in Social Internet of
Things: Opportunities and Challenges

17:00 ? 17:45 Stuart Clarke ? Nuix - Relationship Centric Data Analysis
using Social Media and Other Forensic Sources

17:45 ? 18:30 Industry Panel & Round up

*Registration & Arrival *



Please register online using the following URL:



https://www.eventbrite.com/e/bcs-devsecopscybercrime-forensics-owasp-social-media-faux-news-forensics-conference-tickets-37915130175?ref=estw
<http://www.twitter.com/home?status=I+am+attending+https://www.eventbrite.com/e/bcs-devsecopscybercrime-forensics-owasp-social-media-faux-news-forensics-conference-tickets-37915130175?ref=estw>



The meeting will be held in the Lord Ashcroft Building, Room LAB003
(Breakout Room LAB006 for networking & refreshments).

Please enter through the Helmore Building and ask at reception.

Anglia Ruskin University

Cambridge Campus

East Road

Cambridge

CB1 1PT

Please note that there is no parking on campus. Get further information on
travelling to the university.

http://www.anglia.ac.uk/ruskin/en/home/your_university/anglia_ruskin_campuses/ca
mbridge_campus/find_cambridge.html
<http://www.anglia.ac.uk/ruskin/en/home/your_university/anglia_ruskin_campuses/ca%20mbridge_campus/find_cambridge.html>
-------------- next part --------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed...
URL: <http://lists.owasp.org/pipermail/owasp-cambridge/attachments/20170920/a091384f/attachment-0001.html>

From adrian.winckles at owasp.org  Mon Sep 25 01:11:41 2017
From: adrian.winckles at owasp.org (Adrian Winckles)
Date: Mon, 25 Sep 2017 02:11:41 +0100
Subject: [Owasp-cambridge] =?utf-8?q?=28Updated=29_Joint_BCS_DevSecOps/Cyb?=
	=?utf-8?q?ercrime_Forensics_SGs_and_OWASP_Cambridge_=E2=80=9CSocia?=
	=?utf-8?q?l_Media_=26_Faux_News_Forensics=E2=80=9D_Mini_Conference?=
	=?utf-8?q?_Wednesday_11th_October_2017_13=3A00_=E2=80=93_18=3A30?=
Message-ID: <CA+VM_To-gF-ew+Z_nZ+dFLCanE5mS5aJUM5gS9Vk==q4Ogc2OA@mail.gmail.com>

A few chapter members have reported some issues with the enrolment for our
joint OWASP Cambridge BCS DevSecOps & Cybercrime Forensics SG conference
event on the 11th October, I?ve had the Eventbrite linked revamped so
hopefully the issue is now solved.

Please find an updated  event summary attached

Many thanks

Adrian


Joint BCS DevSecOps/Cybercrime Forensics SGs and OWASP Cambridge ?Social
Media & Faux News Forensics? Mini Conference

Wednesday 11th October 2017 13:00 ? 18:30, Lord Ashcroft Building (LAB003),
Anglia Ruskin University, Cambridge.

Hosted by the Cyber Security & Networking Research Group, Anglia Ruskin
University, British Computer Society (BCS) DevSecOps & Cybercrime Forensics
Special Internet Group?s and OWASP (Open Web Application Security Project)
Cambridge Chapter

As the digital world we knew continues to endlessly evolve, we must
continue to adapt how we conduct cyber investigations. Evidence sources
continue to grow rapidly.  If we fail to keep up, the collection and
validation of evidence during a cyber investigation will become a much more
fraught task. For those investigators with a thorough understanding of how
to leverage improvements in technology combined with the growing wealth of
information available online,  the evidence extracted during a digital
forensic investigation ultimately created a more solid case.

Cyber investigations involving social media and social networks are
becoming the norm. With new applications, links, techniques, and roadblocks
discovered daily, social networks are rapidly progressing. Common platforms
like Facebook, Twitter, and LinkedIn are becoming a smaller part of an ever
growing and changing landscape. There are also many other evolving and
changing social networks like Google Plus, Quora, Instagram, Groupon,
Pinterest, and LoveIt and that?s not even counting the thousands of blogs
and special interest forums that exist

With so much relevant evidence available on social media. there are also
many new issues which are different from what investigators have
traditionally dealt with in traditional digital forensics. In the past
digital forensics investigators understood the terms and conditions for
extracting digital evidence from a piece of hardware in the possession of
the investigator, such as a computer hard drive or the flash memory on a
smartphone.  The evidence obtained could easily be corroborated by a third
party  if someone challenged how investigators had carried their work, a
third party could easily corroborate the findings by reviewing the same
hard drive which the investigator kept in an evidence store however this is
certainly not the case with social media...

An alarming phenomenon of this rise in social media use is the growth of
?faux or fake news? issue.  While this concept has many synonyms -
disinformation campaigns, cyber  propaganda,  cognitive  hacking,  and
information  warfare - it?s  just  one  facet  of  a much larger  problem:
the  manipulation of public opinion to affect the real world.  Due to
global digital connectivity and platforms making it possible to share and
spread information, traditional challenges such as physical borders and
time/distance constraints no longer exist.

Even Mark Zuckerberg (CEO, Facebook) posted on his blog on Facebook on 21st
September
https://www.facebook.com/zuck/posts/10104052907253171?comment_id=356886588097117
about the large scale alleged fake news stories being published during last
year?s US presidential election and the importance of  this issue to
protecting the security of the democratic process ....

Fake news is the promotion and propagation of  news  articles  via
social  media.
These articles  are  promoted  in  such  a  way  that  they  appear  to  be
spread by other users, as opposed to being paid-for advertising. The news
stories distributed are designed to influence or manipulate users? opinions
on a certain topic towards certain objectives.  For example, by
manipulating the balance of how a particular topic is reported (whether
that concerns politics, foreign affairs or something  more commercial),  the
views  on  that  topic  can  be  changed.  This can be done either with
inaccurate facts or with accurate ones twisted to favour a particular view
or side.

*Background *

BCS DevSecOps Group fosters the awareness of tools and technologies
regarding the acceleration and automation of code development to
deployment, known as DevOps.  It is both a work culture and complex,
rapidly evolving toolchains both difficult to introduce and use effectively.
It covers cultural, technical, management and security aspects.

The British Computer Society (BCS) Cybercrime Forensics Special Interest
Group (SIG) promotes Cybercrime Forensics and the use of Cybercrime
Forensics; of relevance to computing professionals, lawyers, law
enforcement officers, academics and those interested in the use of
Cybercrime Forensics and the need to address cybercrime for the benefit of
those groups and of the wider public.

OWASP (Open Web Application Security Project is a 501(c)(3) not-for-profit
worldwide charitable organization focused on improving the security of
application software. Their mission is to make application security
visible, so that people and organizations can make informed decisions about
true application security risks.

The *Cyber Security and Networking *(*CSN*) Research Group at Anglia Ruskin
University has close working strategic relationships with industry,
professional bodies, law enforcement, government agencies and academia in
the delivery of operationally focused applied information and application
security research.  We have strong international links with professional
organisations such as OWASP, BCS, ISC2, IISP & the UK Cyber Security Forum
amongst others.  The primary aims of CSNRG are to help the UK and partner
nations to tackle cybercrime, be more resilient to cyber attacks and
educate its users for a more secure cyberspace and operational business
environment.  These will be achieved through the investigation of threats
posed to information systems and understanding the impact of attacks and
creation of cyber-based warning systems which gathering threat
intelligence, automate threat detection, alert users and neutralising
attacks.  For network security we are researching securing the next
generation of software defined infrastructures from the application API and
control/data plane attacks. Other key work includes Computer forensic
analysis, digital evidence crime scenes and evidence visualisation as well
as Cyber educational approaches such as developing Capture the Flag (CTF)
resources and application security programs.

*Speaker Abstracts & Biographies *

*Dr Char Sample ? Data Infidelity and Fake News: Software Security?s Soft
Underbelly? *

*Biography - Dr Char Sample*

Dr Char Sample is cyber security researcher and fellow at ICF
International, in Maryland, U.S. Her prior work includes as security
solutions engineer with CERT, Carnegie-Mellon; and International Fellow at
Warwick University.

Dr Sample is an academically and professionally experienced cyber security
professional with over 19 years of experience in network security and
software engineering. Her internet security experiences include threat
intelligence research, cloud computing, security metrics, expertise with
firewalls, IDS, IPS, Anomaly Detection, DNS, DNSSEC, Mail, routing,
authentication, encryption, secure network architectures, cloud computing
(IaaS, PaaS) and Unix internals.   Dr Sample is internationally recognized
as the leading expert in quantitative cultural cyber threat intelligence.
Her publications include both academic and industry conferences and
journals.

*Abstract*

Bad data can create more than just 'fake news.' Expert Dr Char Sample
explains how cognitive hacking and weaponized information can undermine
enterprise security.

One of the major security stories from the 2016 US Presidential election
was not the breach of voter databases, the suspected hacking of the voting
machines or even the vote counting. The biggest security story was the use
of weaponized information in support of cognitive hacking, defined in a
2002 Dartmouth College research paper as a cyberattack designed to change
human users' perceptions and corresponding behaviors.

Disregarding the political dimensions of  elections, the real reason for
this interest is that security software is vulnerable to the same problem.
That is, the data entered into security products, whether by a human or a
machine, is trusted to be a faithful representation of reality.

*Dennis Ivory and Dr Diane Gan - Your Personal Information Stolen In Under
2 Minutes*

*Biography ? Dennis Ivory *

Dennis Ivory recently graduated with a first class degree in BSc Computer
Security and Digital Forensics from the University of Greenwich. He is
currently employed as a post-graduate researcher within the Department of
Computing and Information Systems, where he is undertaking research with
the Cyber-SAFE security research team into security issues in the Internet
of Everything.

*Abstract*

One of the single biggest threats to personal security is a targeted social
engineering attack. Attackers are becoming more sophisticated at tricking
people into giving away their personal details by using these types of
attacks gained from information harvested from social media (Twitter,
Facebook, etc.). More people than ever have an online presence, with 2.34bn
people (37% of the world population) now using some form of social media
[Statista. 2017]. Many of these users are either new to these platforms or
are unaware of the seriousness of adding a lot of personal information
about themselves on, for example, their Facebook page. This research set
out to determine how people perceive their own online privacy and how this
relates to what is actually available to anyone searching about them online
who had no connection with them via their social media sites.

A survey was conducted to identify how individuals perceived their own
online security and to determine what they had knowingly published online.
There were 252 volunteer responders. The vast majority of these volunteers
were students at the University of Greenwich but only 43% were studying
computing degrees. The split of female (58%) to male (42%) participants was
reasonably balanced and the largest age range was 18 to 23, as expected in
a university population. The second phase of this work was to investigate
what information could actually be found online about each of these
participants. Searches were conducted on each person using Facebook,
Twitter and the Google search engine. The fastest search found the
subject?s full name, picture and the places that they had visited in the
last few days in 14 seconds. The vast majority of these investigations
(166) took less than 2 minutes to gain access to a significant amount of
the subject?s personal information, including details which they did not
think could be found online. This presentation presents the results of this
experiment.



*Stuart Clarke ? Nuix - Relationship Centric Data Analysis using Social
Media and Other Forensic Sources*

*Biography ? Stuart Clarke*

Stuart is an internationally respected information security expert who is
responsible for the overall security and intelligence strategy and delivery
at Nuix. During his time at the company, Stuart has advised the United
Nations? peak cybersecurity body ITU and provided cybersecurity training
for over 60 computer emergency response teams. He led the development of
Nuix Investigation & Response, an innovative investigative tool used to
delve into the causes and scope of data breaches. He also currently leads
the development of Nuix Insight Analytics & Intelligence, a powerful
security intelligence platform.

Stuart has a deep understanding of the Nuix technology and capabilities.
Prior to joining Nuix, he used Nuix offerings extensively in breach
response. He brings that understanding together with a vision for the
cybersecurity needs of Nuix?s current and prospective clients. He holds a
Bachelor of Science degree with honors in Computer Forensics and a Master?s
Degree in Business Administration. He has developed and delivered training
for a Master of Science program in Computer Security and Forensics, has
contributed to a book covering evidence preservation as well as published
several industry-recognized white papers.

*Abstract*

The traditional item centric and linear approach to digital evidence is
effective, however is straining under the ever-increasing volume and
variety of data that individuals generate. Social media and mobile data is
now overtaking traditional computer based sources of evidence and it is
becoming key for forensic investigators to correlate disparate pieces of
information that reveal a bigger picture.

This session will explore how relationship centric analysis can accelerate
investigations and provide a deeper level of visibility and understanding
of various investigative scenarios. We will see how analysts can use
advanced technologies to find hidden connections from something as simple
as an account handle or alias and turn what?s outwardly disparate into a
clear picture.











*Dr. Ali Dehghantanha - Digital Forensics in Social Internet of Things:
Opportunities and Challenges*

*Biography -**  Dr. Ali Dehghantanha*



Dr. Ali Dehghantanha is a Marie-Curie International Incoming Fellow in
Cyber Forensics, a fellow of the UK Higher Education Academy (HEA) and an
IEEE Sr. member. He  has served for many years in a variety of research and
industrial positions. Other than Ph.D in Cyber  Security he holds several
professional certificates such as GXPN, GREM, GCFA, CISM, and CISSP. His
main research interests are cyber threat intelligence, threat hunting and
digital forensics.

*Abstract*

IoT as a world-wide network of interconnected and uniquely addressable
objects would soon pervade all aspects of our life from managing our home
temperature to thinking cars and smart management of the cities. The Social
Internet of Things (SIoT) stands beyond IoT as environments in which
information gained from IoT nodes are merged with social networking
principles to enable social driven human to device interactions. SIoT
concept facilitates social interactions by enabling smart devices to play a
more active social role. While there are many challenges in realizing the
SIoT vision, digital forensics is probably the least discussed issue! This
talk would first start with describing architecture and developing
technologies to materialise SIoT vision. Moreover, it sheds light on
challenges a forensics investigator would face in identification,
collection, preservation and analysis of evidences in a SIoT environment.
Finally, some ideas are suggested for future development of tools,
techniques and procedure to possibly overcome forensics challenges in SIoT
environments.

*Provisional Agenda *

13:00 ? 14:00 Registration & Refreshments (LAB006)

14:00 ? 14:05 Welcome from the OWASP Cambridge Chapter Leader, Adrian
Winckles, Director of Cyber Security & Networking Research Group, Anglia
Ruskin University

14:05 ? 14:55 Dr Char Sample - Data Infidelity and Fake News: Software
Security?s Soft Underbelly?

14:55 ? 15:45 Dr Diane Gan & Dennis Ivory ? Your Personal Information
Exposed in under 2 Minutes

15:45 ? 16:15 Refreshments, Networking & Industry Demo?s

16:15 - 17:00 Dr Ali Dehghantanha ? Digital Forensics in Social Internet of
Things: Opportunities and Challenges

17:00 ? 17:45 Stuart Clarke ? Nuix - Relationship Centric Data Analysis
using Social Media and Other Forensic Sources

17:45 ? 18:30 Industry Panel & Round up

*Registration & Arrival *



Please register online using the following URL:



https://www.eventbrite.com/e/bcs-devsecopscybercrime-forensics-owasp-cambridge-social-media-faux-news-forensics-conference-tickets-37915130175



The meeting will be held in the Lord Ashcroft Building, Room LAB003
(Breakout Room LAB006 for networking & refreshments).

Please enter through the Helmore Building and ask at reception.

Anglia Ruskin University

Cambridge Campus

East Road

Cambridge

CB1 1PT



Please note that there is no parking on campus. Get further information on
travelling to the university.

http://www.anglia.ac.uk/ruskin/en/home/your_university/anglia_ruskin_campuses/ca
mbridge_campus/find_cambridge.html
<http://www.anglia.ac.uk/ruskin/en/home/your_university/anglia_ruskin_campuses/ca%20mbridge_campus/find_cambridge.html>
-------------- next part --------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed...
URL: <http://lists.owasp.org/pipermail/owasp-cambridge/attachments/20170925/bf8c23f4/attachment-0001.html>

