From adrian.winckles at owasp.org  Sat Oct  7 23:35:51 2017
From: adrian.winckles at owasp.org (Adrian Winckles)
Date: Sun, 8 Oct 2017 00:35:51 +0100
Subject: [Owasp-cambridge] =?utf-8?q?Final_Reminder_-_Joint_BCS_DevSecOps/?=
	=?utf-8?q?Cybercrime_Forensics_SGs_and_OWASP_Cambridge_=E2=80=9CSo?=
	=?utf-8?q?cial_Media_=26_Faux_News_Forensics=E2=80=9D_Mini_Confere?=
	=?utf-8?q?nce_Wednesday_11th_October_2017_13=3A00_=E2=80=93_18=3A0?=
	=?utf-8?q?0?=
Message-ID: <CA+VM_Tr-K30tz9_hzWoB17YqVpQ8ukBjyERRigGKCwiOOLjntg@mail.gmail.com>

Joint BCS DevSecOps/Cybercrime Forensics SGs and OWASP Cambridge ?Social
Media & Faux News Forensics? Mini Conference

Wednesday 11th October 2017 13:00 ? 18:30, Lord Ashcroft Building (LAB003),
Anglia Ruskin University, Cambridge.

Hosted by the Cyber Security & Networking Research Group, Anglia Ruskin
University, British Computer Society (BCS) DevSecOps & Cybercrime Forensics
Special Internet Group?s and OWASP (Open Web Application Security Project)
Cambridge Chapter

As the digital world we knew continues to endlessly evolve, we must
continue to adapt how we conduct cyber investigations. Evidence sources
continue to grow rapidly.  If we fail to keep up, the collection and
validation of evidence during a cyber investigation will become a much more
fraught task. For those investigators with a thorough understanding of how
to leverage improvements in technology combined with the growing wealth of
information available online,  the evidence extracted during a digital
forensic investigation ultimately created a more solid case.

Cyber investigations involving social media and social networks are
becoming the norm. With new applications, links, techniques, and roadblocks
discovered daily, social networks are rapidly progressing. Common platforms
like Facebook, Twitter, and LinkedIn are becoming a smaller part of an ever
growing and changing landscape. There are also many other evolving and
changing social networks like Google Plus, Quora, Instagram, Groupon,
Pinterest, and LoveIt and that?s not even counting the thousands of blogs
and special interest forums that exist

With so much relevant evidence available on social media. there are also
many new issues which are different from what investigators have
traditionally dealt with in traditional digital forensics. In the past
digital forensics investigators understood the terms and conditions for
extracting digital evidence from a piece of hardware in the possession of
the investigator, such as a computer hard drive or the flash memory on a
smartphone.  The evidence obtained could easily be corroborated by a third
party  if someone challenged how investigators had carried their work, a
third party could easily corroborate the findings by reviewing the same
hard drive which the investigator kept in an evidence store however this is
certainly not the case with social media...

An alarming phenomenon of this rise in social media use is the growth of
?faux or fake news? issue.  While this concept has many synonyms -
disinformation campaigns, cyber  propaganda,  cognitive  hacking,  and
information  warfare - it?s  just  one  facet  of  a much larger  problem:
the  manipulation of public opinion to affect the real world.  Due to
global digital connectivity and platforms making it possible to share and
spread information, traditional challenges such as physical borders and
time/distance constraints no longer exist.

Even Mark Zuckerberg (CEO, Facebook) posted on his blog on Facebook on 21st
September
https://www.facebook.com/zuck/posts/10104052907253171?comment_id=356886588097117
about the large scale alleged fake news stories being published during last
year?s US presidential election and the importance of  this issue to
protecting the security of the democratic process ....

Fake news is the promotion and propagation of  news  articles  via
social  media.
These articles  are  promoted  in  such  a  way  that  they  appear  to  be
spread by other users, as opposed to being paid-for advertising. The news
stories distributed are designed to influence or manipulate users? opinions
on a certain topic towards certain objectives.  For example, by
manipulating the balance of how a particular topic is reported (whether
that concerns politics, foreign affairs or something  more commercial),  the
views  on  that  topic  can  be  changed.  This can be done either with
inaccurate facts or with accurate ones twisted to favour a particular view
or side.

*Background *

BCS DevSecOps Group fosters the awareness of tools and technologies
regarding the acceleration and automation of code development to
deployment, known as DevOps.  It is both a work culture and complex,
rapidly evolving toolchains both difficult to introduce and use effectively.
It covers cultural, technical, management and security aspects.

The British Computer Society (BCS) Cybercrime Forensics Special Interest
Group (SIG) promotes Cybercrime Forensics and the use of Cybercrime
Forensics; of relevance to computing professionals, lawyers, law
enforcement officers, academics and those interested in the use of
Cybercrime Forensics and the need to address cybercrime for the benefit of
those groups and of the wider public.

OWASP (Open Web Application Security Project is a 501(c)(3) not-for-profit
worldwide charitable organization focused on improving the security of
application software. Their mission is to make application security
visible, so that people and organizations can make informed decisions about
true application security risks.

The *Cyber Security and Networking *(*CSN*) Research Group at Anglia Ruskin
University has close working strategic relationships with industry,
professional bodies, law enforcement, government agencies and academia in
the delivery of operationally focused applied information and application
security research.  We have strong international links with professional
organisations such as OWASP, BCS, ISC2, IISP & the UK Cyber Security Forum
amongst others.  The primary aims of CSNRG are to help the UK and partner
nations to tackle cybercrime, be more resilient to cyber attacks and
educate its users for a more secure cyberspace and operational business
environment.  These will be achieved through the investigation of threats
posed to information systems and understanding the impact of attacks and
creation of cyber-based warning systems which gathering threat
intelligence, automate threat detection, alert users and neutralising
attacks.  For network security we are researching securing the next
generation of software defined infrastructures from the application API and
control/data plane attacks. Other key work includes Computer forensic
analysis, digital evidence crime scenes and evidence visualisation as well
as Cyber educational approaches such as developing Capture the Flag (CTF)
resources and application security programs.

*Speaker Abstracts & Biographies *

*Dr Char Sample ? Data Infidelity and Fake News: Software Security?s Soft
Underbelly? *

*Biography - Dr Char Sample*

Dr Char Sample is cyber security researcher and fellow at ICF
International, in Maryland, U.S. Her prior work includes as security
solutions engineer with CERT, Carnegie-Mellon; and International Fellow at
Warwick University.

Dr Sample is an academically and professionally experienced cyber security
professional with over 19 years of experience in network security and
software engineering. Her internet security experiences include threat
intelligence research, cloud computing, security metrics, expertise with
firewalls, IDS, IPS, Anomaly Detection, DNS, DNSSEC, Mail, routing,
authentication, encryption, secure network architectures, cloud computing
(IaaS, PaaS) and Unix internals.   Dr Sample is internationally recognized
as the leading expert in quantitative cultural cyber threat intelligence.
Her publications include both academic and industry conferences and
journals.

*Abstract*

Bad data can create more than just 'fake news.' Expert Dr Char Sample
explains how cognitive hacking and weaponized information can undermine
enterprise security.

One of the major security stories from the 2016 US Presidential election
was not the breach of voter databases, the suspected hacking of the voting
machines or even the vote counting. The biggest security story was the use
of weaponized information in support of cognitive hacking, defined in a
2002 Dartmouth College research paper as a cyberattack designed to change
human users' perceptions and corresponding behaviors.

Disregarding the political dimensions of  elections, the real reason for
this interest is that security software is vulnerable to the same problem.
That is, the data entered into security products, whether by a human or a
machine, is trusted to be a faithful representation of reality.

*Dennis Ivory and Dr Diane Gan - Your Personal Information Stolen In Under
2 Minutes*

*Biography ? Dennis Ivory *

Dennis Ivory recently graduated with a first class degree in BSc Computer
Security and Digital Forensics from the University of Greenwich. He is
currently employed as a post-graduate researcher within the Department of
Computing and Information Systems, where he is undertaking research with
the Cyber-SAFE security research team into security issues in the Internet
of Everything.

*Abstract*

One of the single biggest threats to personal security is a targeted social
engineering attack. Attackers are becoming more sophisticated at tricking
people into giving away their personal details by using these types of
attacks gained from information harvested from social media (Twitter,
Facebook, etc.). More people than ever have an online presence, with 2.34bn
people (37% of the world population) now using some form of social media
[Statista. 2017]. Many of these users are either new to these platforms or
are unaware of the seriousness of adding a lot of personal information
about themselves on, for example, their Facebook page. This research set
out to determine how people perceive their own online privacy and how this
relates to what is actually available to anyone searching about them online
who had no connection with them via their social media sites.

A survey was conducted to identify how individuals perceived their own
online security and to determine what they had knowingly published online.
There were 252 volunteer responders. The vast majority of these volunteers
were students at the University of Greenwich but only 43% were studying
computing degrees. The split of female (58%) to male (42%) participants was
reasonably balanced and the largest age range was 18 to 23, as expected in
a university population. The second phase of this work was to investigate
what information could actually be found online about each of these
participants. Searches were conducted on each person using Facebook,
Twitter and the Google search engine. The fastest search found the
subject?s full name, picture and the places that they had visited in the
last few days in 14 seconds. The vast majority of these investigations
(166) took less than 2 minutes to gain access to a significant amount of
the subject?s personal information, including details which they did not
think could be found online. This presentation presents the results of this
experiment.



*Stuart Clarke ? Nuix - Relationship Centric Data Analysis using Social
Media and Other Forensic Sources*

*Biography ? Stuart Clarke*

Stuart is an internationally respected information security expert who is
responsible for the overall security and intelligence strategy and delivery
at Nuix. During his time at the company, Stuart has advised the United
Nations? peak cybersecurity body ITU and provided cybersecurity training
for over 60 computer emergency response teams. He led the development of
Nuix Investigation & Response, an innovative investigative tool used to
delve into the causes and scope of data breaches. He also currently leads
the development of Nuix Insight Analytics & Intelligence, a powerful
security intelligence platform.

Stuart has a deep understanding of the Nuix technology and capabilities.
Prior to joining Nuix, he used Nuix offerings extensively in breach
response. He brings that understanding together with a vision for the
cybersecurity needs of Nuix?s current and prospective clients. He holds a
Bachelor of Science degree with honors in Computer Forensics and a Master?s
Degree in Business Administration. He has developed and delivered training
for a Master of Science program in Computer Security and Forensics, has
contributed to a book covering evidence preservation as well as published
several industry-recognized white papers.

*Abstract*

The traditional item centric and linear approach to digital evidence is
effective, however is straining under the ever-increasing volume and
variety of data that individuals generate. Social media and mobile data is
now overtaking traditional computer based sources of evidence and it is
becoming key for forensic investigators to correlate disparate pieces of
information that reveal a bigger picture.

This session will explore how relationship centric analysis can accelerate
investigations and provide a deeper level of visibility and understanding
of various investigative scenarios. We will see how analysts can use
advanced technologies to find hidden connections from something as simple
as an account handle or alias and turn what?s outwardly disparate into a
clear picture.



*Dominic Connor ? The Register Columnist - Fake News in the Press*

*Biography -**  Dominic Connor*



Dominic is a regular contributor to The Register, vice Chairman of the
Conservative Science & Technology Forum and President of the Real Time Club.

At some point he has done nearly every job in IT including reviewing
Microsoft operating system code, directing the secure wide area network for
HM Treasury, writing questionable Excel macros for major banks, teaching
C++ and Python, building PCs, selling technology, AI, printing Teflon
circuit boards, compiler development and expert witness in cases of rogue
code in financial markets.

*Provisional Agenda *

13:00 ? 14:00 Registration & Refreshments (LAB006)

14:00 ? 14:05 Welcome from the OWASP Cambridge Chapter Leader, Adrian
Winckles, Director of Cyber Security & Networking Research Group, Anglia
Ruskin University

14:05 ? 14:55 Dr Char Sample - Data Infidelity and Fake News: Software
Security?s Soft Underbelly?

14:55 ? 15:45 Dr Diane Gan & Dennis Ivory ? Your Personal Information
Exposed in under 2 Minutes

15:45 ? 16:15 Refreshments, Networking & Industry Demo?s

16:15 - 17:00 Dominic Connor ? Fake News in the Press

17:00 ? 17:45 Stuart Clarke ? Nuix - Relationship Centric Data Analysis
using Social Media and Other Forensic Sources

17:45 ? Round up





*Registration & Arrival *



Please register online using the following URL:



https://www.eventbrite.com/e/bcs-devsecopscybercrime-forensics-owasp-cambridge-social-media-faux-news-forensics-conference-tickets-37915130175



The meeting will be held in the Lord Ashcroft Building, Room LAB003
(Breakout Room LAB006 for networking & refreshments).

Please enter through the Helmore Building and ask at reception.

Anglia Ruskin University

Cambridge Campus

East Road

Cambridge

CB1 1PT



Please note that there is no parking on campus. Get further information on
travelling to the university.

http://www.anglia.ac.uk/ruskin/en/home/your_university/anglia_ruskin_campuses/ca
mbridge_campus/find_cambridge.html
<http://www.anglia.ac.uk/ruskin/en/home/your_university/anglia_ruskin_campuses/ca%20mbridge_campus/find_cambridge.html>
-------------- next part --------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed...
URL: <http://lists.owasp.org/pipermail/owasp-cambridge/attachments/20171008/f698451b/attachment-0001.html>

From adrian.winckles at owasp.org  Wed Oct 25 13:37:55 2017
From: adrian.winckles at owasp.org (Adrian Winckles)
Date: Wed, 25 Oct 2017 14:37:55 +0100
Subject: [Owasp-cambridge] =?utf-8?q?Joint_OWASP_Cambridge_=26_BCS_East_An?=
	=?utf-8?q?glia_=E2=80=9CAn_Evening_with_GDPR=E2=80=9D_Tuesday_7th_?=
	=?utf-8?q?November_2017?=
Message-ID: <CA+VM_Toh-Lmnx8m_TiYyo-6404++DPfQR8Z-_xmdh1ZY73hfkw@mail.gmail.com>

 ?An Evening with GDPR? Tuesday 7th November 2017

Tuesday 7th November 2017 18:15 ? 20:45, Lord Ashcroft Building
(LAB003/LAB006), Anglia Ruskin University, Cambridge.

Hosted by the Cyber Security & Networking Research Group, Anglia Ruskin
University, British Computer Society (BCS) East Anglia Region, UK Cyber
Security Forum Cambridge Cluster and OWASP (Open Web Application Security
Project) Cambridge Chapter

This evening is part of a series of 1 Day Workshops and evening events on
raising awareness for local  businesses & organisations on the issues of
cyber security and cybercrime, what regulations and legislation do
organisations need to be aware to protect themselves and what is considered
best practice in these challenging times.

In 6 months Europe's data protection rules will undergo their biggest
changes in almost 2 decades. Since they were conceived in the 90s, the
amount of digital information we create, capture, and store has
exponentially increased.  In simple terms, the old regime was no longer fit
for purpose.

The solution is the mutually agreed European General Data Protection
Regulation (GDPR), which will come into force on May 25 2018. It will
change how businesses and public sector organisations can handle the
information of customers.

The regulation has spawned a raft of ?GDPR expertise? and scaremongers who
predict the ?end of the world as know it? .  In our evening, we have two
expert opinions of what GDPR should mean to you and your business both from
an IT Security and a Legal Point of View.

*Background *

The British Computer Society (BCS) East Anglia Region represents the
computing profession in the Eastern region providing networking
opportunities for professionals and companies, a forum for continuing
professional development and encouraging young people to enter and stay in
technology based business.

The Cambridge Cyber Security Cluster is an affiliate UK Cyber Security
Forum, a government and industry led partnership which will look at how the
region can develop the skills and infrastructure to combat cyber security
threats.

OWASP (Open Web Application Security Project is a 501(c)(3) not-for-profit
worldwide charitable organization focused on improving the security of
application software. Their mission is to make application security
visible, so that people and organizations can make informed decisions about
true application security risks.

The *Cyber Security and Networking *(*CSN*) Research Group at Anglia Ruskin
University has close working strategic relationships with industry,
professional bodies, law enforcement, government agencies and academia in
the delivery of operationally focused applied information and application
security research.  We have strong international links with professional
organisations such as OWASP, BCS, ISC2, IISP & the UK Cyber Security Forum
amongst others.  The primary aims of CSNRG are to help the UK and partner
nations to tackle cybercrime, be more resilient to cyber attacks and
educate its users for a more secure cyberspace and operational business
environment.  These will be achieved through the investigation of threats
posed to information systems and understanding the impact of attacks and
creation of cyber-based warning systems which gathering threat
intelligence, automate threat detection, alert users and neutralising
attacks.  For network security we are researching securing the next
generation of software defined infrastructures from the application API and
control/data plane attacks. Other key work includes Computer forensic
analysis, digital evidence crime scenes and evidence visualisation as well
as Cyber educational approaches such as developing Capture the Flag (CTF)
resources and application security programs.

*Speaker Biographies & Abstracts*
Dr Reza Alavi ? Chair of BCS Information Risk Management and Assurance SG

Reza has been working in various IT positions in the last 27 years and
currently working as an information security consultant. He worked as
International Marketing Manager in two companies, which specialise in wide
range of consultancy services such as information security, risk
management, business continuity and IT governance in the Middle East.

His current work as security consultant includes, specialising in
information security coaching, helping his clients to become more effective
and efficient typically through the strategic of information systems, risk
management and security governance. Having significant experience of the
commercial and financial sectors in various parts of the globe working with
variety of cultures and work ethics enables him to understand current
security requirements and threat landscape to achieve better outcome in GRC
environment.

Reza is currently chairing the ?Information Risk Management and Assurance
(IRMA)? specialist group in BCS and sits on the RM/1 Risk Management
Committee at ?British Standard Institution (BSI)?.

*Abstract: GDPR Security ? ?how to do it"*

The new EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) is the biggest
shake-up in privacy legislation and data management approach for many
years. It will impact any organisation throughout the world that processes
personal data relating to EU citizens. Organisations which breach the
regulation can be fined up to 4% of their annual global turnover or 20
million Euros, whichever is greater.  Breaches will apply to firms which do
not have adequate customer consent for processing their personal data or
violate the principle of the privacy by design concepts and model. It is
crucial to note that both data controllers and processors are subject to
the rules, such as failing to carry out a privacy impact assessment or not
notifying the authority (ICO, the Information Commissioner?s Office, in the
UK) about a breach. This talk will look at GDPR from the IT security
perspective."

*Dai Davis, Technology Lawyer, Partner Percy Crow Davis & Co*

Dai Davis is a Technology Lawyer and Chartered Engineer.  He holds Masters
degrees in both Physics and Computer Science.  He is a Chartered Engineer
and Member of the Institution of Engineering and Technology.  Dai has for
decades consistently been recommended in the Legal 500 and in Chambers
Guides to the Legal Profession.  Having been national head of Intellectual
Property Law and later national head of Information Technology law at
Eversheds, Dai is now a partner in his own specialist law practice, Percy
Crow Davis & Co.

He has a nationwide legal practice and travels regularly throughout the UK.
Dai advises clients on intellectual property in Information Technology
products, and all types of computer and technology law issues including
such topical matters as Open Source, IT Security, Cloud Computing and Data
Protection issues.  Dai is a non-executive director of FAST (The Federation
Against Software Theft) and a Freeman of the WCIT (Worshipful Company of
Information Technologists).

He is primarily a non-contentious lawyer.  A further ?super specialism?
that Dai has practised for over two decades is high-tech product safety and
product recall, including the law relating to CE Marking.

*Abstract: GDPR Data Protection ? A Lawyers View*

Data Protection has recently undergone a fundamental reappraisal with the
enactment of the new European Union General Data Protection Regulation
(?GDPR?). GDPR is not due to come fully into force until 25 May 2018; yet
businesses which do not plan for it now will be severely disadvantaged. And
whatever the final timetable for Brexit, or the nature of the agreement
under which the United Kingdom leaves the European Union, businesses will
need to comply with GDPR.

The new legislation is radically different from what is currently in place.
Instead of a notional transparency through registration and consent under
the existing legislation; real transparency under the GDPR is achieved
through a series of rights given to individuals. Examples of such
individual rights are: the right to object to data collection and the right
to be forgotten. This is backed up by much more extensive obligations on
data controllers to provide information on request and sometimes even
before a request is made.

Many lawyers focus on greater penalties under the GDPR: a maximum fine of
?20,000,000 can be imposed for breaches (up from ?500,000). In addition to
clarifying such penalties Dai will spend as much time on the *substantial
commercial benefits* that can be derived from the new legislation.

The talk includes mention of the following topics:

?      The obligation to consider privacy when designing an electronic
system

?      The obligation to consider privacy by default

?      The obligation to notify breaches to the information commissioner

?      The obligation to notify breaches to an individual affected

?      Right to object to data collection

?      Right to object to data profiling

?      Right to be forgotten

?      Right to data portability

?      The effect of Brexit on UK data protection law

*Provisional Agenda *

18:15  ? 19:00 Registration & Refreshments (LAB006)

19:00 ? 19:05 Welcome from the OWASP Cambridge Chapter Leader, Adrian
Winckles, Director of Cyber Security & Networking Research Group, Anglia
Ruskin University

19:05 ? 19:50 GDPR Security ? ?how to do it"* - *Dr Reza Alavi ? Chair of
BCS Information Risk Management and Assurance SG

19:55 ? 20:40 GDPR Data Protection ? A Lawyers View - Dai Davis, Technology
Lawyer, Partner Percy Crow Davis & Co



*Registration *

To register for this free event, please register online at

https://www.eventbrite.com/e/joint-bcs-east-anglia-region-owasp-cambridge-uk-cyber-security-forum-an-evening-with-gdpr-tickets-39249433111



The event will be held in the Lord Ashcroft Building, Room LAB004 (Breakout
Room LAB006 for networking & refreshments).

Please enter through the Helmore Building and ask at reception.

Anglia Ruskin University

Cambridge Campus

East Road

Cambridge

CB1 1PT



Please note that there is no parking on campus. Get further information on
travelling to the university.

http://www.anglia.ac.uk/ruskin/en/home/your_university/anglia_ruskin_campuses/ca
mbridge_campus/find_cambridge.html
<http://www.anglia.ac.uk/ruskin/en/home/your_university/anglia_ruskin_campuses/ca%20mbridge_campus/find_cambridge.html>
-------------- next part --------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed...
URL: <http://lists.owasp.org/pipermail/owasp-cambridge/attachments/20171025/175cc8ff/attachment-0001.html>

