From jtmelton at gmail.com  Sun Dec  6 04:21:07 2015
From: jtmelton at gmail.com (John Melton)
Date: Sat, 5 Dec 2015 23:21:07 -0500
Subject: [Owasp-appsensor-project] ideas for upcoming appsensor talk at dev
	conference
Message-ID: <CAM8z=y+ivpL_SU+hGmsMB-7SH2ybYnAeY1-R8O6c17rGVrWd-A@mail.gmail.com>

All,

I'm going to get to give a talk on appsensor at a dev conference (devnexus)
in February. I've got a few ideas of things I'd like to cover, but I
thought it'd be a good idea to get ideas from the community.

2 main questions:

- What kinds of things should/should not be covered in a dev-centric talk
on appsensor?

- Are there any things we can/should do in the next ~2 months, either in
documentation and/or code, that would be useful for the conference?

Thanks,
John
-------------- next part --------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed...
URL: <http://lists.owasp.org/pipermail/owasp-appsensor-project/attachments/20151205/7aa9b568/attachment.html>

