<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<HTML>
 <HEAD>
   <TITLE> [Women_in_security] WIA @ AppSecUSA 2017
   </TITLE>
   <LINK REL="Index" HREF="index.html" >
   <LINK REL="made" HREF="mailto:owasp-women-in-appsec%40lists.owasp.org?Subject=Re%3A%20%5BWomen_in_security%5D%20WIA%20%40%20AppSecUSA%202017&In-Reply-To=%3CCAFo9UMmccu%3DgpYx%3DXOq7OBQu4NExoehHo8VsLA45zt3dPJKEjw%40mail.gmail.com%3E">
   <META NAME="robots" CONTENT="index,nofollow">
   <style type="text/css">
       pre {
           white-space: pre-wrap;       /* css-2.1, curent FF, Opera, Safari */
           }
   </style>
   <META http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=us-ascii">
   <LINK REL="Previous"  HREF="000410.html">
   <LINK REL="Next"  HREF="000414.html">
 </HEAD>
 <BODY BGCOLOR="#ffffff">
   <H1>[Women_in_security] WIA @ AppSecUSA 2017</H1>
    <B>Bev Corwin</B> 
    <A HREF="mailto:owasp-women-in-appsec%40lists.owasp.org?Subject=Re%3A%20%5BWomen_in_security%5D%20WIA%20%40%20AppSecUSA%202017&In-Reply-To=%3CCAFo9UMmccu%3DgpYx%3DXOq7OBQu4NExoehHo8VsLA45zt3dPJKEjw%40mail.gmail.com%3E"
       TITLE="[Women_in_security] WIA @ AppSecUSA 2017">bevcorwin at gmail.com
       </A><BR>
    <I>Fri Jul  7 02:47:05 UTC 2017</I>
    <P><UL>
        <LI>Previous message: <A HREF="000410.html">[Women_in_security] WIA @ AppSecUSA 2017
</A></li>
        <LI>Next message: <A HREF="000414.html">[Women_in_security] WIA @ AppSecUSA 2017
</A></li>
         <LI> <B>Messages sorted by:</B> 
              <a href="date.html#411">[ date ]</a>
              <a href="thread.html#411">[ thread ]</a>
              <a href="subject.html#411">[ subject ]</a>
              <a href="author.html#411">[ author ]</a>
         </LI>
       </UL>
    <HR>  
<!--beginarticle-->
<PRE>Hi Tanya, I will send your activities to the OWASP Global team and cc: you.
Is there any interest in having a conference call on Saturday or Sunday to
finalize the details before July 10th? I don't know what is in the WIA
budget currently, and will look into that. I think that the conference
budget should cover some of the room costs, although the conference
committee and OWASP Global staff may feel differently. We will have to
cover any costs for the Mentor luncheon, so we will need sponsors for that.
I can cover the WIA Committee and Mentors Committee round table meeting if
AppSecUSA will cover the cost of the room. I'm also willing to put in a few
hours in the WIA room. Others should volunteer for their choices as well.
Best wishes, Bev

On Thu, Jul 6, 2017 at 9:13 PM, Tanya Janca &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-women-in-appsec">tanya.janca at owasp.org</A>&gt; wrote:

&gt;<i> Hello everyone,
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> Bev, thank you for taking the lead on this!
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> I love all the ideas.  I have two more to add (below).  However, can we
</I>&gt;<i> actually do all of them?  Do we have a budget for this (and if so, do we
</I>&gt;<i> want to spend such a large percentage on one event)?  Do we have enough
</I>&gt;<i> resources (hours and people) to do all of these activities?  If we have to
</I>&gt;<i> choose, how do we choose?  Is there precedent for any of these questions?
</I>&gt;<i> I LOVE AppSec, but I don&#8217;t want that to be the only place we spend our
</I>&gt;<i> donation dollars and our volunteer hours.  Women who are attending AppSec
</I>&gt;<i> are already interested in what we do (which is awesome!) but we also want
</I>&gt;<i> to attract new women.  I just want to make sure this is not our only
</I>&gt;<i> focus.  There are many, many places that we can make a huge difference,
</I>&gt;<i> this is just one of them.
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> That said&#8230;.
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> Two more possible activities for AppSec USA:
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>    - Reaching out to a local female tech/programming group to do a
</I>&gt;<i>    coordinated pre-conference event, like they did at AppSec EU.  That was my
</I>&gt;<i>    favourite WIA event to date.  And I bet we made a huge impression on those
</I>&gt;<i>    women, women who were outside of our industry, who may one day decide to
</I>&gt;<i>    join our industry, because of that event.  Because this would be outside of
</I>&gt;<i>    AppSec the deadline would not apply&#8230;.  We could very easily find them some
</I>&gt;<i>    kick-ass AppSec speakers.  I volunteer to coordinate this activity and even
</I>&gt;<i>    be the speaker if need be.  If someone wants to help me that&#8217;s cool too!
</I>&gt;<i>    Especially if they are local and know people.  Cost for this should be $0,
</I>&gt;<i>    as the meetup would be expected to host&#8230;. Or we could ask the local OWASP
</I>&gt;<i>    Chapter to help with this.
</I>&gt;<i>    - Reach out to the local school and teach a mini security lesson to
</I>&gt;<i>    kids or high school. If we could find an all-girls school, this would be
</I>&gt;<i>    ideal.  Again, this was a great idea that the AppSec EU people came up
</I>&gt;<i>    with.   I also think that this probably did not have a large cost&#8230;.
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> Tanya
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> On Jul 6, 2017, at 1:03 PM, Bev Corwin &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-women-in-appsec">bev.corwin at owasp.org</A>&gt; wrote:
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> Dear Ashley, Loredana and Wendy,
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> Thank you! All of your comments are noted. OWASP Global says there is a
</I>&gt;<i> hard stop date of April 11th. Anyone up for a gotomeeting session to
</I>&gt;<i> finalize these concepts into a proposed plan? I'm available Friday
</I>&gt;<i> (tomorrow) afternoon NYC time. Anyone else?
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> Ashley, great concepts, would you be willing to take the lead on them and
</I>&gt;<i> work out luncheon details with Bil until our July 11 meeting?
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> Loredana, Great idea, I'll ask if we could have a WIA table also in the
</I>&gt;<i> expo and entrance areas, per your suggestion. Could you take the lead on
</I>&gt;<i> this until our meeting on July 11?
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> Wendy, could you prepare a plan for the panel and take the lead on that
</I>&gt;<i> until our next meeting on July 11th?
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> Ashley, Loredana and Wendy, Could you all write a brief description of
</I>&gt;<i> your above mentioned concepts that you will lead, send them back to this
</I>&gt;<i> list by July 7th (tomorrow), and we can add them to the below list for
</I>&gt;<i> sending to OWASP Global before the July10th deadline? Also, let me know if
</I>&gt;<i> anyone is available for a gotomeeting Sunday July 9th for a final
</I>&gt;<i> discussion before July 10th deadline. Also kindly plan to attend and give
</I>&gt;<i> updates at the July 11th meeting.
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> Bil, could you consult with Ashley on the WIA mentor luncheon concepts
</I>&gt;<i> Item 1 and 2? Meanwhile, I'll work on item 3 and 4.
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> Updated items follow with assignments:
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> 1. A WIA Mentors luncheon - capacity 50 - 70 attendees (invite local
</I>&gt;<i> universities to participate Ashley and Bil taking lead)
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> 2. A room for WIAns and Mentors during the conference to spontaneously
</I>&gt;<i> meet - capacity 20 - 30 (Have mentors scheduled to cover the room with
</I>&gt;<i> their activities for &quot;drop ins&quot;. Ashley taking lead)
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> 3. A WIA keynote speaker or panelist on one of the regular tracks and//or
</I>&gt;<i> panels - There are several women speaking at the conference already, invite
</I>&gt;<i> them to WIA activities. (Bev will look into speakers and invite to WIA
</I>&gt;<i> activities)
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> 4. A WIA Committee - Mentors Committee round table discussion meeting -
</I>&gt;<i> capacity 50 - 60 (Bev taking lead)
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> 5. A WIA panel - This was originally rejected by OWASP Global Staff,
</I>&gt;<i> however, I asked them to reconsider. I'd suggest focusing on the 1-4 for
</I>&gt;<i> now and if we get the panel, be prepared for it. (Wendy taking lead)
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> Feel free to call or Skype if you wish to discuss details. Thank you!
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> Best wishes,
</I>&gt;<i> Bev
</I>&gt;<i> Mobile: 347-908-7098 &lt;(347)%20908-7098&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> Skype: bevcorwin
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> On Thu, Jul 6, 2017 at 12:11 PM, Wendy Istvanick &lt;
</I>&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-women-in-appsec">wlistvan at thoughtworks.com</A>&gt; wrote:
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> These are all great ideas. I am trying to come up with others and so far
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> don't have anything solid to add.
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> For the panel discussion, my company, ThoughtWorks has worked very hard
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> and been successful at hiring women to the extent of being named last
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> year's winner of the Anita Borg Top Companies for Women Technologists. We
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> are not security specialists, but if you want to round out the panel as you
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> suggested, I am sure I could find someone who is willing to participate.
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Wendy
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> 2017-07-06 10:49 GMT-05:00 Ashley A &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-women-in-appsec">ashley.a.holtz at gmail.com</A>&gt;:
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Great suggestions, Bev! I've done a lot of women in security panels and
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> wanted to expand on your panel idea. Perhaps we could find companies that
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> have decent representation (more than the industry average for security of
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> 11% women or more than the industry average for IT of 20%) or are making
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> good improvements and ask them targeted questions on how they did it. This
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> would make a panel or talk more focused on actionable steps, instead of
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> just discussing the problem we know exists already. I'd be happy to help
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> find these companies or help with a panel/talk like this.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Another idea is inviting 3-5 local colleges to have CS/CE/EE professors
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> nominate a diverse student to give a 10/15-minute &quot;first conference talk&quot;
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> where they discuss a project, security trend, or research initiative. We
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> could provide mentors from our group to make sure they're successful, and
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> it's a great resume builder.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Just a few suggestions - happy to elaborate, will try to join the call
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> on the 11th.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Ashley Holtz
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-women-in-appsec">ashley.a.holtz at gmail.com</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> (818) 653-1799
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="http://www.linkedin.com/in/ashleyholtz">http://www.linkedin.com/in/ashleyholtz</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> On Wed, Jul 5, 2017 at 7:22 PM, Bev Corwin &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-women-in-appsec">bev.corwin at owasp.org</A>&gt; wrote:
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Dear WIA members,
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> We have a request to submit WIA activities request to the OWASP Event
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Manager before July 10 for AppSecUSA WIA activities. I requested that the
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> date be extended to July 12 so that we can make decisions at our July 11
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> meeting. In any case, please share your preferences for WIA @ AppSecUSA
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> 2017 activities and let's discuss them here before our meeting to get a
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> start on things.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> I would like to propose:
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> 1. A WIA Mentors luncheon - capacity 50 attendees
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> 2. A room for WIAns and Mentors during the conference to spontaneously
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> meet - capacity 20
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> 3. A WIA keynote speaker or panelist on one of the regular tracks
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> and//or panels
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> 4. A WIA panel
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> 5. A WIA Committee - Mentors Committee round table discussion meeting -
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> capacity 50
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Any other suggestions?
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Best wishes,
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Bev
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Appsec_usa_women_in_security mailing list
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-women-in-appsec">Appsec_usa_women_in_security at lists.owasp.org</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/appsec_usa_women_in_security">https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/appsec_usa_women_in_security</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Appsec_usa_women_in_security mailing list
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-women-in-appsec">Appsec_usa_women_in_security at lists.owasp.org</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/appsec_usa_women_in_security">https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/appsec_usa_women_in_security</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> --
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Wendy Istvanick
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Solutions Orchestrator
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Email <A HREF="https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-women-in-appsec">wendyi at thoughtworks.com</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Telephone +1 312 560 4102 &lt;+1+312+560+4102&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> [image: ThoughtWorks]
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &lt;<A HREF="http://www.thoughtworks.com/?utm_campaign=wendy-istvanick-signature&amp;utm_medium=email&amp;utm_source=thoughtworks-email-signature-generator">http://www.thoughtworks.com/?utm_campaign=wendy-istvanick-signature&amp;utm_medium=email&amp;utm_source=thoughtworks-email-signature-generator</A>&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;<i> Appsec_usa_women_in_security mailing list
</I>&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-women-in-appsec">Appsec_usa_women_in_security at lists.owasp.org</A>
</I>&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/appsec_usa_women_in_security">https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/appsec_usa_women_in_security</A>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>-------------- next part --------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed...
URL: &lt;<A HREF="http://lists.owasp.org/pipermail/owasp-women-in-appsec/attachments/20170706/994bdbf4/attachment.html">http://lists.owasp.org/pipermail/owasp-women-in-appsec/attachments/20170706/994bdbf4/attachment.html</A>&gt;
</PRE>

<!--endarticle-->
    <HR>
    <P><UL>
        <!--threads-->
	<LI>Previous message: <A HREF="000410.html">[Women_in_security] WIA @ AppSecUSA 2017
</A></li>
	<LI>Next message: <A HREF="000414.html">[Women_in_security] WIA @ AppSecUSA 2017
</A></li>
         <LI> <B>Messages sorted by:</B> 
              <a href="date.html#411">[ date ]</a>
              <a href="thread.html#411">[ thread ]</a>
              <a href="subject.html#411">[ subject ]</a>
              <a href="author.html#411">[ author ]</a>
         </LI>
       </UL>

<hr>
<a href="https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-women-in-appsec">More information about the owasp-women-in-appsec
mailing list</a><br>
</body></html>
