<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<HTML>
 <HEAD>
   <TITLE> [Women_in_security] WIA @ AppSecUSA 2017
   </TITLE>
   <LINK REL="Index" HREF="index.html" >
   <LINK REL="made" HREF="mailto:owasp-women-in-appsec%40lists.owasp.org?Subject=Re%3A%20%5BWomen_in_security%5D%20WIA%20%40%20AppSecUSA%202017&In-Reply-To=%3CCAFo9UMkWxfj3fkAEg2-FX0W0aNREb1mZp5nHK8dr2LwmCvZC6A%40mail.gmail.com%3E">
   <META NAME="robots" CONTENT="index,nofollow">
   <style type="text/css">
       pre {
           white-space: pre-wrap;       /* css-2.1, curent FF, Opera, Safari */
           }
   </style>
   <META http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=us-ascii">
   <LINK REL="Previous"  HREF="000423.html">
   <LINK REL="Next"  HREF="000413.html">
 </HEAD>
 <BODY BGCOLOR="#ffffff">
   <H1>[Women_in_security] WIA @ AppSecUSA 2017</H1>
    <B>Bev Corwin</B> 
    <A HREF="mailto:owasp-women-in-appsec%40lists.owasp.org?Subject=Re%3A%20%5BWomen_in_security%5D%20WIA%20%40%20AppSecUSA%202017&In-Reply-To=%3CCAFo9UMkWxfj3fkAEg2-FX0W0aNREb1mZp5nHK8dr2LwmCvZC6A%40mail.gmail.com%3E"
       TITLE="[Women_in_security] WIA @ AppSecUSA 2017">bevcorwin at gmail.com
       </A><BR>
    <I>Fri Jul  7 17:37:41 UTC 2017</I>
    <P><UL>
        <LI>Previous message: <A HREF="000423.html">[Women_in_security] WIA @ AppSecUSA 2017
</A></li>
        <LI>Next message: <A HREF="000413.html">[Women_in_security] Fwd: IAVA Highlights She Who Borne The Battle at Meeting of The Military Coalition
</A></li>
         <LI> <B>Messages sorted by:</B> 
              <a href="date.html#420">[ date ]</a>
              <a href="thread.html#420">[ thread ]</a>
              <a href="subject.html#420">[ subject ]</a>
              <a href="author.html#420">[ author ]</a>
         </LI>
       </UL>
    <HR>  
<!--beginarticle-->
<PRE>Hi all,

On our list there is a plan to schedule a WIA Committee &amp; Mentors Committee
roundtable, face to face meeting. After that meeting, we can have a WIA
Committee meeting, if you like. I doubt that the WIA &amp; Mentors meeting will
take more than 30 to 45 minutes. We can have a networking break for 15
minutes and then WIA afterwards.

Please let me know what comes up with the Doodle Poll and will add send out
calendar invitation with gotomeeting details.

I think that it is a good idea to Mentor the new officers until they are
ready to do things on their own. I'm currently mentoring Tanya. Perhaps
Bil, Owen and others could mentor some of the other officers between now
and then.

We will be able to set up a WIA person at the registration table at
AppSecUSA. Who wants to do that? Do we want to print out some kind of
program insert about the WIA activities for AppSecUSA?

I think that AppSecUSA should cover most of WIA expenses as part of the
event budget. What do you think? They have in the past.

Best wishees,
Bev


On Fri, Jul 7, 2017 at 11:56 AM, Owen Pendlebury &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-women-in-appsec">owen.pendlebury at owasp.org</A>&gt;
wrote:

&gt;<i> Hi all,
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> Some really good ideas, it's great to see so many.
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> Given the time constraints, i think it would be good to keep it simple
</I>&gt;<i> this year and not to overwhelm the attendees/ ourselves. It takes a lot of
</I>&gt;<i> time to organise each event.
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> Why not run a drinks/ food reception ( evening) and invite local women in
</I>&gt;<i> tech/ code groups ( we did this in the EU and it went great). We could hit
</I>&gt;<i> up some inspirational speakers to speak at this event. It should be open to
</I>&gt;<i> between 100-150 people.
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> We should also have a WIA committee meeting in person to speak about plans
</I>&gt;<i> etc for the next year (maybe dial in details for those who are not
</I>&gt;<i> attending in person).
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> What does everyone think, might be a good way to break the new roles in
</I>&gt;<i> while still having a really successful event. Then aim for bigger and
</I>&gt;<i> better next year (with a lot more time to plan).
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> My two cents.
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> Owen
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> On Fri 7 Jul 2017 at 14:53, Wendy Istvanick &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-women-in-appsec">wlistvan at thoughtworks.com</A>&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> wrote:
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Here is the link to the Doodle. Please note all times in the poll are in
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> CDT.
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://doodle.com/poll/t884gzek5fbdffeu">https://doodle.com/poll/t884gzek5fbdffeu</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Sent from my iPhone
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> On Jul 6, 2017, at 10:00 PM, Bev Corwin &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-women-in-appsec">bev.corwin at owasp.org</A>&gt; wrote:
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Hi Wendy, Yes, please feel free to set up a Doodle Poll. Let me know what
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> you decide and I'll set up the gotomeeting. Best wishes, Bev
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> On Thu, Jul 6, 2017 at 10:53 PM, Wendy Istvanick &lt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-women-in-appsec">wlistvan at thoughtworks.com</A>&gt; wrote:
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Hi all,
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> I can do a call tomorrow or over the weekend. I have some times I'm not
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> available so maybe send out a doodle poll.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> And yes, I can also take the lead on the panel until our next call.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Wendy
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Sent from my iPhone
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> On Jul 6, 2017, at 12:03 PM, Bev Corwin &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-women-in-appsec">bev.corwin at owasp.org</A>&gt; wrote:
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Dear Ashley, Loredana and Wendy,
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Thank you! All of your comments are noted. OWASP Global says there is a
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> hard stop date of April 11th. Anyone up for a gotomeeting session to
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> finalize these concepts into a proposed plan? I'm available Friday
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> (tomorrow) afternoon NYC time. Anyone else?
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Ashley, great concepts, would you be willing to take the lead on them
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> and work out luncheon details with Bil until our July 11 meeting?
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Loredana, Great idea, I'll ask if we could have a WIA table also in the
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> expo and entrance areas, per your suggestion. Could you take the lead on
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> this until our meeting on July 11?
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Wendy, could you prepare a plan for the panel and take the lead on that
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> until our next meeting on July 11th?
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Ashley, Loredana and Wendy, Could you all write a brief description of
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> your above mentioned concepts that you will lead, send them back to this
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> list by July 7th (tomorrow), and we can add them to the below list for
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> sending to OWASP Global before the July10th deadline? Also, let me know if
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> anyone is available for a gotomeeting Sunday July 9th for a final
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> discussion before July 10th deadline. Also kindly plan to attend and give
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> updates at the July 11th meeting.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Bil, could you consult with Ashley on the WIA mentor luncheon concepts
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Item 1 and 2? Meanwhile, I'll work on item 3 and 4.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Updated items follow with assignments:
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> 1. A WIA Mentors luncheon - capacity 50 - 70 attendees (invite local
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> universities to participate Ashley and Bil taking lead)
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> 2. A room for WIAns and Mentors during the conference to spontaneously
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> meet - capacity 20 - 30 (Have mentors scheduled to cover the room with
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> their activities for &quot;drop ins&quot;. Ashley taking lead)
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> 3. A WIA keynote speaker or panelist on one of the regular tracks
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> and//or panels - There are several women speaking at the conference
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> already, invite them to WIA activities. (Bev will look into speakers and
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> invite to WIA activities)
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> 4. A WIA Committee - Mentors Committee round table discussion meeting -
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> capacity 50 - 60 (Bev taking lead)
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> 5. A WIA panel - This was originally rejected by OWASP Global Staff,
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> however, I asked them to reconsider. I'd suggest focusing on the 1-4 for
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> now and if we get the panel, be prepared for it. (Wendy taking lead)
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Feel free to call or Skype if you wish to discuss details. Thank you!
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Best wishes,
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Bev
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Mobile: 347-908-7098 &lt;(347)%20908-7098&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Skype: bevcorwin
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> On Thu, Jul 6, 2017 at 12:11 PM, Wendy Istvanick &lt;
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-women-in-appsec">wlistvan at thoughtworks.com</A>&gt; wrote:
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> These are all great ideas. I am trying to come up with others and so
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> far don't have anything solid to add.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> For the panel discussion, my company, ThoughtWorks has worked very hard
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> and been successful at hiring women to the extent of being named last
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> year's winner of the Anita Borg Top Companies for Women Technologists. We
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> are not security specialists, but if you want to round out the panel as you
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> suggested, I am sure I could find someone who is willing to participate.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Wendy
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> 2017-07-06 10:49 GMT-05:00 Ashley A &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-women-in-appsec">ashley.a.holtz at gmail.com</A>&gt;:
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Great suggestions, Bev! I've done a lot of women in security panels
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> and wanted to expand on your panel idea. Perhaps we could find companies
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> that have decent representation (more than the industry average for
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> security of 11% women or more than the industry average for IT of 20%) or
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> are making good improvements and ask them targeted questions on how they
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> did it. This would make a panel or talk more focused on actionable steps,
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> instead of just discussing the problem we know exists already. I'd be happy
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> to help find these companies or help with a panel/talk like this.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Another idea is inviting 3-5 local colleges to have CS/CE/EE
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> professors nominate a diverse student to give a 10/15-minute &quot;first
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> conference talk&quot; where they discuss a project, security trend, or research
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> initiative. We could provide mentors from our group to make sure they're
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> successful, and it's a great resume builder.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Just a few suggestions - happy to elaborate, will try to join the call
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> on the 11th.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Ashley Holtz
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-women-in-appsec">ashley.a.holtz at gmail.com</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> (818) 653-1799
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="http://www.linkedin.com/in/ashleyholtz">http://www.linkedin.com/in/ashleyholtz</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> On Wed, Jul 5, 2017 at 7:22 PM, Bev Corwin &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-women-in-appsec">bev.corwin at owasp.org</A>&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> wrote:
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Dear WIA members,
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> We have a request to submit WIA activities request to the OWASP Event
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Manager before July 10 for AppSecUSA WIA activities. I requested that the
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> date be extended to July 12 so that we can make decisions at our July 11
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> meeting. In any case, please share your preferences for WIA @ AppSecUSA
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> 2017 activities and let's discuss them here before our meeting to get a
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> start on things.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> I would like to propose:
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> 1. A WIA Mentors luncheon - capacity 50 attendees
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> 2. A room for WIAns and Mentors during the conference to
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> spontaneously meet - capacity 20
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> 3. A WIA keynote speaker or panelist on one of the regular tracks
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> and//or panels
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> 4. A WIA panel
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> 5. A WIA Committee - Mentors Committee round table discussion meeting
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> - capacity 50
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Any other suggestions?
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Best wishes,
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Bev
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Appsec_usa_women_in_security mailing list
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-women-in-appsec">Appsec_usa_women_in_security at lists.owasp.org</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/appsec_usa_women_in_security">https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/appsec_usa_women_in_security</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Appsec_usa_women_in_security mailing list
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-women-in-appsec">Appsec_usa_women_in_security at lists.owasp.org</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/appsec_usa_women_in_security">https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/appsec_usa_women_in_security</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> --
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Wendy Istvanick
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Solutions Orchestrator
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Email <A HREF="https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-women-in-appsec">wendyi at thoughtworks.com</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Telephone +1 312 560 4102 &lt;+1+312+560+4102&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> [image: ThoughtWorks]
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &lt;<A HREF="http://www.thoughtworks.com/?utm_campaign=wendy-istvanick-signature&amp;utm_medium=email&amp;utm_source=thoughtworks-email-signature-generator">http://www.thoughtworks.com/?utm_campaign=wendy-istvanick-signature&amp;utm_medium=email&amp;utm_source=thoughtworks-email-signature-generator</A>&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Appsec_usa_women_in_security mailing list
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-women-in-appsec">Appsec_usa_women_in_security at lists.owasp.org</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/appsec_usa_women_in_security">https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/appsec_usa_women_in_security</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> --
</I>&gt;<i> Owen Pendlebury @pendo19 OWASP Ireland-Dublin <A HREF="https://www.owasp.org/index.">https://www.owasp.org/index.</A>
</I>&gt;<i> php/Ireland-Dublin @AppSecIreland OWASP AppSec EU Committee/ Training
</I>&gt;<i> Committee Chair <A HREF="https://2017.appsec.eu">https://2017.appsec.eu</A> @appseceu
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;<i> Appsec_usa_women_in_security mailing list
</I>&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-women-in-appsec">Appsec_usa_women_in_security at lists.owasp.org</A>
</I>&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/appsec_usa_women_in_security">https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/appsec_usa_women_in_security</A>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>-------------- next part --------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed...
URL: &lt;<A HREF="http://lists.owasp.org/pipermail/owasp-women-in-appsec/attachments/20170707/71d44e8a/attachment.html">http://lists.owasp.org/pipermail/owasp-women-in-appsec/attachments/20170707/71d44e8a/attachment.html</A>&gt;
</PRE>

<!--endarticle-->
    <HR>
    <P><UL>
        <!--threads-->
	<LI>Previous message: <A HREF="000423.html">[Women_in_security] WIA @ AppSecUSA 2017
</A></li>
	<LI>Next message: <A HREF="000413.html">[Women_in_security] Fwd: IAVA Highlights She Who Borne The Battle at Meeting of The Military Coalition
</A></li>
         <LI> <B>Messages sorted by:</B> 
              <a href="date.html#420">[ date ]</a>
              <a href="thread.html#420">[ thread ]</a>
              <a href="subject.html#420">[ subject ]</a>
              <a href="author.html#420">[ author ]</a>
         </LI>
       </UL>

<hr>
<a href="https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-women-in-appsec">More information about the owasp-women-in-appsec
mailing list</a><br>
</body></html>
