<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<HTML>
 <HEAD>
   <TITLE> [OWASP Media Project] Recording cards?!
   </TITLE>
   <LINK REL="Index" HREF="index.html" >
   <LINK REL="made" HREF="mailto:owasp_media_project%40lists.owasp.org?Subject=Re%3A%20%5BOWASP%20Media%20Project%5D%20Recording%20cards%3F%21&In-Reply-To=%3CCAGzV9fyeFfZs1fZsesYGrJ5vHmkjd0h6aq1bYmzOLPbFmjQXfw%40mail.gmail.com%3E">
   <META NAME="robots" CONTENT="index,nofollow">
   <style type="text/css">
       pre {
           white-space: pre-wrap;       /* css-2.1, curent FF, Opera, Safari */
           }
   </style>
   <META http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=us-ascii">
   
   <LINK REL="Next"  HREF="000095.html">
 </HEAD>
 <BODY BGCOLOR="#ffffff">
   <H1>[OWASP Media Project] Recording cards?!</H1>
    <B>Jonathan Marcil</B> 
    <A HREF="mailto:owasp_media_project%40lists.owasp.org?Subject=Re%3A%20%5BOWASP%20Media%20Project%5D%20Recording%20cards%3F%21&In-Reply-To=%3CCAGzV9fyeFfZs1fZsesYGrJ5vHmkjd0h6aq1bYmzOLPbFmjQXfw%40mail.gmail.com%3E"
       TITLE="[OWASP Media Project] Recording cards?!">jonathan.marcil at owasp.org
       </A><BR>
    <I>Sun Jul 24 19:48:11 UTC 2016</I>
    <P><UL>
        
        <LI>Next message: <A HREF="000095.html">[OWASP Media Project] Requesting for Link: AppSecUSA_2013_BASHing iOS Applications - Jason Haddix, Dawn Isabel
</A></li>
         <LI> <B>Messages sorted by:</B> 
              <a href="date.html#94">[ date ]</a>
              <a href="thread.html#94">[ thread ]</a>
              <a href="subject.html#94">[ subject ]</a>
              <a href="author.html#94">[ author ]</a>
         </LI>
       </UL>
    <HR>  
<!--beginarticle-->
<PRE>@Maik Thank you very much for your detailed report! Sorry you had troubles
and congratulation on overcoming them.

For the video description part, are you planning to enter the full
description from sched or it's done as it is now?

I'll forward your comments to AppSecEU point of contact that I have (
Tiffany.long).

@all
Actually, buying equipment is an option!

Because we're a non for profit and the goal of the volunteering is to be
well, low cost, we'll need to figure out a really cost-effective way of
doing it while accounting the quality of the recordings. I'm looking for a
solution that mixes slides capture + speaker in order to achieve best of
both world. I've seen some conference recording like that; we just need to
figure out how to package it (with training being part of the package) so
it can be shipped world-wide when needed.

That all said, I must do the OWASP thing and reminds you that we are trying
to consolidate the efforts into the OWASP Media Project
<A HREF="https://www.owasp.org/index.php/OWASP_Media_Project">https://www.owasp.org/index.php/OWASP_Media_Project</A> - budget and equipment
can come from this project. I'm CC:ing this email to the list and I will
welcome anyone who wants to help, especially in Europe! So Tom, if you wish
to join in you are more than welcome!

Thanks all for your implications, we're at 362k views and it is really
because of all of you guys!

- Jonathan




On Thu, Jul 21, 2016 at 10:19 AM, Martin Knobloch &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp_media_project">martin.knobloch at owasp.org</A>
&gt;<i> wrote:
</I>
&gt;<i> &#8206;Laura, et all,
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> I tool the liberty to introduce Tom, who is recording the OWASP
</I>&gt;<i> Netherlands chapter meetings and many other conferences voluntarily,  &#8206;to
</I>&gt;<i> the video team (as Tom was at the AppSec-Eu in Rome.
</I>&gt;<i> I have briefly talked with him about him managing the recordings, working
</I>&gt;<i> together with the existing team!
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> After the summer holidays, I will schedule a meeting with all, to see how
</I>&gt;<i> we can increase quality on a value for money base!
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> Cheers,
</I>&gt;<i> -martin
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> *From: *Laura Grau
</I>&gt;<i> *Sent: *donderdag 21 juli 2016 19:11
</I>&gt;<i> *To: *Maik Dankel
</I>&gt;<i> *Cc: *Jonathan Marcil; Martin Knobloch; Christian Dresen
</I>&gt;<i> *Subject: *Re: Recording cards?!
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> Thank you very much, Maik for the e-mail.
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> You guys did a great job!
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> I hope next year in Belfast we can plan better, maybe a call with the AV
</I>&gt;<i> company and you a couple of month before the event would help to avoid this
</I>&gt;<i> kind of issues.
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> Thank you all again for you amazing work!
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> Laura Grau
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> *Global Conference Manager*
</I>&gt;<i> *OWASP Foundation*
</I>&gt;<i> *<A HREF="https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp_media_project">laura.grau at owasp.org</A> &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp_media_project">laura.grau at owasp.org</A>&gt;*
</I>&gt;<i> +1 510 529 9563
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> On Thu, Jul 21, 2016 at 2:44 AM, Maik Dankel &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp_media_project">m.dankel at fh-muenster.de</A>&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> wrote:
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Hi all,
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> I uploaded the videos, Chris did the converting stuff.
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> If I counted correctly we should have 55 talks in total. 46 Videos are
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> online at the moment, so 9 are missing.
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> - 3 of the missing one got messed up somehow during cutting/converting.
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> We will hopefully fix this today or tomorrow.
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> - Scott Davis' talk has no sound which is really bad. We can again have a
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> look at the raw files but that will take some time.
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> - the rest has still to be done because of some trouble that i will try
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> to explain below:
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> We were (in Rome) and are currently facing several problems regarding
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> this years recording.
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> We had some requirements for the AV equipment as every year (1 cam per
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> room, at least 2 SD cards per camera, etc). We had the cameras, we had the
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> SD cards. But the cameras weren't able to record to the SD cards (what??).
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> They were only able to record to their proprietary storage cards of which
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> we had only one(!) per camera. Which was clearly not possible to handle for
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> us (two consecutive talks per room, copying the video files takes longer
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> than a 5 min break between the talks).
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> So we had to improvise. The technicians gave us two laptops and two
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> capture boxes with which we could record directly to the hard drives of the
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> laptops. As that was still not enough they also brought a (let me call it)
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &quot;recording-station&quot; were SSD drives were plugged in to directly record to
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> those.
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> So let's summarize:
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> - 3 different setups to somehow get everything recorded. And it worked.
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Somehow.
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> - because of that we have 3 different recording formats which made it
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> really hard to customize our scripts.
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> - the laptops (quite old ones) crashed one or two times a day. I think we
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> will have lost some minutes of the regarding talks because of that.
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> - ...
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> We did our best to get everything working. We will try to fix the rest of
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> the videos. But I can't really promise when the rest will be done, as we
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> are all doing this during our free time as we all have our regular work to
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> do.
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> One last thing which we already discussed with Martin in Rome: To avoid
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> such problems as this year it would really be great to exactly know which
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> equipment we will get when we arrive somewhere. And the most logical
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> conclusion is to buy cameras. But thats out of our scope I think ;)
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Sorry for the long mail but I wanted to explain everything as clear as
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> possible.
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Best,
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Maik
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> PS: @Jonathan I will update the descriptions. I forgot that, sorry.
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Am 21.07.2016 um 06:11 schrieb Jonathan Marcil:
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Hi,
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> can we know who uploaded the appseceu videos?
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> The conferences organizers have some questions, like they want to know if
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> the upload are completes (that's all we have?).
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Me I want to know if the description will be added or if I should do it
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> myself.
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Thanks,
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> - Jonathan
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> On Fri, Jul 1, 2016 at 7:17 AM, Jonathan Marcil &lt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp_media_project">jonathan.marcil at owasp.org</A>&gt; wrote:
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Hi guys,
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> how are the recordings doing at AppSecEU? I can't wait to see them the
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> talks looks very interesting by what I see on twitter!
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Maik, Christian (+ranz0rr0), I've restored your access on YouTube, so
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> you can upload them to the following playlist:
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLpr-xdpM8wG-Kf1_BOnT2LFZU8_SXfpKL">https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLpr-xdpM8wG-Kf1_BOnT2LFZU8_SXfpKL</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Let me know if there's anything I can do to help!
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Thanks,
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> - Jonathan
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> On Wed, Dec 16, 2015 at 12:37 PM, Martin Knobloch &lt;
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp_media_project">martin.knobloch at owasp.org</A>&gt; wrote:
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Hi Jonathan,
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> If I am correct, OWASP has cards to record the screen of the speakers,
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> we can use to add to the recording. Are you in charge of those, can we use
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> them for the AppSec-Eu 2016 and how to get them to Europe / Rome?
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> @Christian, please help explaining what I mean ;-)
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Cheers,
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> -martin
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>-------------- next part --------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed...
URL: &lt;<A HREF="http://lists.owasp.org/pipermail/owasp_media_project/attachments/20160724/7823f99d/attachment.html">http://lists.owasp.org/pipermail/owasp_media_project/attachments/20160724/7823f99d/attachment.html</A>&gt;
</PRE>


<!--endarticle-->
    <HR>
    <P><UL>
        <!--threads-->
	
	<LI>Next message: <A HREF="000095.html">[OWASP Media Project] Requesting for Link: AppSecUSA_2013_BASHing iOS Applications - Jason Haddix, Dawn Isabel
</A></li>
         <LI> <B>Messages sorted by:</B> 
              <a href="date.html#94">[ date ]</a>
              <a href="thread.html#94">[ thread ]</a>
              <a href="subject.html#94">[ subject ]</a>
              <a href="author.html#94">[ author ]</a>
         </LI>
       </UL>

<hr>
<a href="https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp_media_project">More information about the Owasp_media_project
mailing list</a><br>
</body></html>
