<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<HTML>
 <HEAD>
   <TITLE> [Women_in_security] Sub-committee work and AppSec USA 2017
   </TITLE>
   <LINK REL="Index" HREF="index.html" >
   <LINK REL="made" HREF="mailto:owasp-women-in-appsec%40lists.owasp.org?Subject=Re%3A%20%5BWomen_in_security%5D%20Sub-committee%20work%20and%20AppSec%20USA%202017&In-Reply-To=%3CCAFo9UM%3DJbOcSsnySQRqT40uzgVK2XBWqeKRcvxsY4iW6H3Z5BA%40mail.gmail.com%3E">
   <META NAME="robots" CONTENT="index,nofollow">
   <style type="text/css">
       pre {
           white-space: pre-wrap;       /* css-2.1, curent FF, Opera, Safari */
           }
   </style>
   <META http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=us-ascii">
   <LINK REL="Previous"  HREF="000390.html">
   <LINK REL="Next"  HREF="000392.html">
 </HEAD>
 <BODY BGCOLOR="#ffffff">
   <H1>[Women_in_security] Sub-committee work and AppSec USA 2017</H1>
    <B>Bev Corwin</B> 
    <A HREF="mailto:owasp-women-in-appsec%40lists.owasp.org?Subject=Re%3A%20%5BWomen_in_security%5D%20Sub-committee%20work%20and%20AppSec%20USA%202017&In-Reply-To=%3CCAFo9UM%3DJbOcSsnySQRqT40uzgVK2XBWqeKRcvxsY4iW6H3Z5BA%40mail.gmail.com%3E"
       TITLE="[Women_in_security] Sub-committee work and AppSec USA 2017">bevcorwin at gmail.com
       </A><BR>
    <I>Thu Jun 22 01:33:33 UTC 2017</I>
    <P><UL>
        <LI>Previous message: <A HREF="000390.html">[Women_in_security] Sub-committee work and AppSec USA 2017
</A></li>
        <LI>Next message: <A HREF="000392.html">[Women_in_security] Sub-committee work and AppSec USA 2017
</A></li>
         <LI> <B>Messages sorted by:</B> 
              <a href="date.html#391">[ date ]</a>
              <a href="thread.html#391">[ thread ]</a>
              <a href="subject.html#391">[ subject ]</a>
              <a href="author.html#391">[ author ]</a>
         </LI>
       </UL>
    <HR>  
<!--beginarticle-->
<PRE>Hi Bil,

Wow! Yes, you have been one of our most active members. Many of the
activities that you list were also supported by other committee members,
and some, like the spreadsheet were just good things that you did on your
own. Thank you for sharing the long list of things with the committee. We
can go over them, as well as other things that others may have done, too,
in our next meeting. I also reached out to AppSecUSA and heard back from
their main contact organizer who said that they are having a hard time
getting things moving due to lack of local volunteer support. I suggested
that we might be able to find a few dedicated volunteers who could help
organize virtually and offered to have a phone call soon to discuss. If
you, or other WIA members are interested in attending this call, let me
know. I will post the info to the list.

I like your idea of inviting the AppSecUSA organizers to our next WIA
meeting, and I believe that would help open communications. There is an
#AppSecUSA Slack channel. You can see most of the discussion there. Let's
continue to post our activities to the list so that other WIAns can also
support efforts. Thank you and best wishes.

For the space ideas, in the past we had a room for WIAns to drop in during
the conference and spontaneously convene. We also had the mentor reception
and mentor luncheon that were very successful. For other programming, we
also had a diversity panel with men and women working on issues related to
diversity in AppSec. Perhaps we could have a wiki-a-thon to train some WIA
volunteers how to keep up the WIA wiki, and talk about ways to engage more
WIA led activities. At one time there was discussion about creating a
global WIA meetup. I'm in favor of that. Also local chapter WIA events, as
well as regional WIA events throughout the year, not just at AppSecUSA and
AppSec.EU

Sincerely,
Bev


On Wed, Jun 21, 2017 at 8:20 PM, Bil Corry &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-women-in-appsec">bil.corry at owasp.org</A>&gt; wrote:

&gt;<i> During our call yesterday, there was a question around activities
</I>&gt;<i> happening at the sub-committee level and related to AppSec USA 2017
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> I can't speak to any sub-committee work, as I haven't been a part of any,
</I>&gt;<i> but I can speak to the work that I've done on behalf of WIA that may not
</I>&gt;<i> have been entirely visible:
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> 1. Crafted the first draft of the WIA purpose and scope.  This was
</I>&gt;<i> discussed and edited during one of our calls and the final version is on
</I>&gt;<i> the WIA wiki.
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> 2. Worked with Tiffany to get WIA officially recognized as an OWASP
</I>&gt;<i> Committee.
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> 3. Created the membership list and I have been maintaining it until a
</I>&gt;<i> Secretary can take over the responsibility.  I shared it at a previous
</I>&gt;<i> meeting and there's now a link to it on the WIA wiki.
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> 4. Gathering nominations for committee roles.  And I'll be running the
</I>&gt;<i> election next week.
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> 5. Edited the wiki to bring it current.  You can see my changes by viewing
</I>&gt;<i> the wiki history.
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> 6. Spoke with Emily about ideas for WIA at AppSec USA 2017, which I'll
</I>&gt;<i> explain below.
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> 7. Worked with Emily and OWASP Global to have my employer sponsor the WIA
</I>&gt;<i> luncheon at AppSec USA 2017.
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> 8. Setup doodle polls and scheduled meetings earlier in the year.
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> 9. Probably other actions that I no longer remember.  I've pitched in to
</I>&gt;<i> help here and there when time allowed.
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> Following up with #6 above, with regard to AppSec USA 2017.  At AppSec USA
</I>&gt;<i> 2016 (last year), Emily and I spent a few hours at the end of the
</I>&gt;<i> conference in person and debriefed what worked, what could be improved in
</I>&gt;<i> 2016, and how we could &quot;go big&quot; at 2017, e.g. plan a
</I>&gt;<i> conference-in-a-conference, offer two days of free training, offer more
</I>&gt;<i> mentoring, etc.
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> I was prepared to start recruiting colleagues and friends to come speak at
</I>&gt;<i> AppSec USA 2017 last November.  But we immediately had a problem - we
</I>&gt;<i> needed the AppSec USA organizing committee to confirm that we could have a
</I>&gt;<i> room for the duration of the conference.  We couldn't start recruiting
</I>&gt;<i> speakers and planning an event if there wasn't any space for us.
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> To this day, the AppSec USA 2017 organizing committee has not confirmed we
</I>&gt;<i> have any space at AppSec USA, or at least not to me, and I've asked a bunch
</I>&gt;<i> of times.  I believe we space for the WIA luncheon, but that came
</I>&gt;<i> second-hand when setting up the sponsorship.
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> If we have space at AppSec USA 2017, then depending on how large the space
</I>&gt;<i> is and how long we have it, we should quickly decide what we want to do.
</I>&gt;<i> We can discuss options on the next WIA call on July 11.  It's currently the
</I>&gt;<i> first agenda item.  Maybe Tiffany can find out if we have space?
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> I hope that clarifies the question asked on the last WIA call.
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> - Bil
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;<i> Appsec_usa_women_in_security mailing list
</I>&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-women-in-appsec">Appsec_usa_women_in_security at lists.owasp.org</A>
</I>&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/appsec_usa_women_in_security">https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/appsec_usa_women_in_security</A>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>-------------- next part --------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed...
URL: &lt;<A HREF="http://lists.owasp.org/pipermail/owasp-women-in-appsec/attachments/20170621/1a9815a6/attachment.html">http://lists.owasp.org/pipermail/owasp-women-in-appsec/attachments/20170621/1a9815a6/attachment.html</A>&gt;
</PRE>

<!--endarticle-->
    <HR>
    <P><UL>
        <!--threads-->
	<LI>Previous message: <A HREF="000390.html">[Women_in_security] Sub-committee work and AppSec USA 2017
</A></li>
	<LI>Next message: <A HREF="000392.html">[Women_in_security] Sub-committee work and AppSec USA 2017
</A></li>
         <LI> <B>Messages sorted by:</B> 
              <a href="date.html#391">[ date ]</a>
              <a href="thread.html#391">[ thread ]</a>
              <a href="subject.html#391">[ subject ]</a>
              <a href="author.html#391">[ author ]</a>
         </LI>
       </UL>

<hr>
<a href="https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-women-in-appsec">More information about the owasp-women-in-appsec
mailing list</a><br>
</body></html>
