<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<HTML>
 <HEAD>
   <TITLE> [Women_in_security] Sub-committee work and AppSec USA 2017
   </TITLE>
   <LINK REL="Index" HREF="index.html" >
   <LINK REL="made" HREF="mailto:owasp-women-in-appsec%40lists.owasp.org?Subject=Re%3A%20%5BWomen_in_security%5D%20Sub-committee%20work%20and%20AppSec%20USA%202017&In-Reply-To=%3CCAFo9UM%3Dz4_yeQg6RZVyVMjome2ygv%3DMDzPHX8fKmeMeSxx7pJg%40mail.gmail.com%3E">
   <META NAME="robots" CONTENT="index,nofollow">
   <style type="text/css">
       pre {
           white-space: pre-wrap;       /* css-2.1, curent FF, Opera, Safari */
           }
   </style>
   <META http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=us-ascii">
   <LINK REL="Previous"  HREF="000391.html">
   <LINK REL="Next"  HREF="000395.html">
 </HEAD>
 <BODY BGCOLOR="#ffffff">
   <H1>[Women_in_security] Sub-committee work and AppSec USA 2017</H1>
    <B>Bev Corwin</B> 
    <A HREF="mailto:owasp-women-in-appsec%40lists.owasp.org?Subject=Re%3A%20%5BWomen_in_security%5D%20Sub-committee%20work%20and%20AppSec%20USA%202017&In-Reply-To=%3CCAFo9UM%3Dz4_yeQg6RZVyVMjome2ygv%3DMDzPHX8fKmeMeSxx7pJg%40mail.gmail.com%3E"
       TITLE="[Women_in_security] Sub-committee work and AppSec USA 2017">bevcorwin at gmail.com
       </A><BR>
    <I>Thu Jun 22 01:36:33 UTC 2017</I>
    <P><UL>
        <LI>Previous message: <A HREF="000391.html">[Women_in_security] Sub-committee work and AppSec USA 2017
</A></li>
        <LI>Next message: <A HREF="000395.html">[Women_in_security] WIA Voting Has Begun
</A></li>
         <LI> <B>Messages sorted by:</B> 
              <a href="date.html#392">[ date ]</a>
              <a href="thread.html#392">[ thread ]</a>
              <a href="subject.html#392">[ subject ]</a>
              <a href="author.html#392">[ author ]</a>
         </LI>
       </UL>
    <HR>  
<!--beginarticle-->
<PRE>PS: I started a Women in Open Source (WOS) meetup and would be happy to
have it as a WIA meetup, if there is need. Also, happy to hold the first
regional or national WIA event in Brooklyn NY.

On Wed, Jun 21, 2017 at 9:33 PM, Bev Corwin &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-women-in-appsec">bevcorwin at gmail.com</A>&gt; wrote:

&gt;<i> Hi Bil,
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> Wow! Yes, you have been one of our most active members. Many of the
</I>&gt;<i> activities that you list were also supported by other committee members,
</I>&gt;<i> and some, like the spreadsheet were just good things that you did on your
</I>&gt;<i> own. Thank you for sharing the long list of things with the committee. We
</I>&gt;<i> can go over them, as well as other things that others may have done, too,
</I>&gt;<i> in our next meeting. I also reached out to AppSecUSA and heard back from
</I>&gt;<i> their main contact organizer who said that they are having a hard time
</I>&gt;<i> getting things moving due to lack of local volunteer support. I suggested
</I>&gt;<i> that we might be able to find a few dedicated volunteers who could help
</I>&gt;<i> organize virtually and offered to have a phone call soon to discuss. If
</I>&gt;<i> you, or other WIA members are interested in attending this call, let me
</I>&gt;<i> know. I will post the info to the list.
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> I like your idea of inviting the AppSecUSA organizers to our next WIA
</I>&gt;<i> meeting, and I believe that would help open communications. There is an
</I>&gt;<i> #AppSecUSA Slack channel. You can see most of the discussion there. Let's
</I>&gt;<i> continue to post our activities to the list so that other WIAns can also
</I>&gt;<i> support efforts. Thank you and best wishes.
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> For the space ideas, in the past we had a room for WIAns to drop in during
</I>&gt;<i> the conference and spontaneously convene. We also had the mentor reception
</I>&gt;<i> and mentor luncheon that were very successful. For other programming, we
</I>&gt;<i> also had a diversity panel with men and women working on issues related to
</I>&gt;<i> diversity in AppSec. Perhaps we could have a wiki-a-thon to train some WIA
</I>&gt;<i> volunteers how to keep up the WIA wiki, and talk about ways to engage more
</I>&gt;<i> WIA led activities. At one time there was discussion about creating a
</I>&gt;<i> global WIA meetup. I'm in favor of that. Also local chapter WIA events, as
</I>&gt;<i> well as regional WIA events throughout the year, not just at AppSecUSA and
</I>&gt;<i> AppSec.EU
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> Sincerely,
</I>&gt;<i> Bev
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> On Wed, Jun 21, 2017 at 8:20 PM, Bil Corry &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-women-in-appsec">bil.corry at owasp.org</A>&gt; wrote:
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> During our call yesterday, there was a question around activities
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> happening at the sub-committee level and related to AppSec USA 2017
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> I can't speak to any sub-committee work, as I haven't been a part of any,
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> but I can speak to the work that I've done on behalf of WIA that may not
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> have been entirely visible:
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> 1. Crafted the first draft of the WIA purpose and scope.  This was
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> discussed and edited during one of our calls and the final version is on
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> the WIA wiki.
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> 2. Worked with Tiffany to get WIA officially recognized as an OWASP
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Committee.
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> 3. Created the membership list and I have been maintaining it until a
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Secretary can take over the responsibility.  I shared it at a previous
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> meeting and there's now a link to it on the WIA wiki.
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> 4. Gathering nominations for committee roles.  And I'll be running the
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> election next week.
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> 5. Edited the wiki to bring it current.  You can see my changes by
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> viewing the wiki history.
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> 6. Spoke with Emily about ideas for WIA at AppSec USA 2017, which I'll
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> explain below.
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> 7. Worked with Emily and OWASP Global to have my employer sponsor the WIA
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> luncheon at AppSec USA 2017.
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> 8. Setup doodle polls and scheduled meetings earlier in the year.
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> 9. Probably other actions that I no longer remember.  I've pitched in to
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> help here and there when time allowed.
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Following up with #6 above, with regard to AppSec USA 2017.  At AppSec
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> USA 2016 (last year), Emily and I spent a few hours at the end of the
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> conference in person and debriefed what worked, what could be improved in
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> 2016, and how we could &quot;go big&quot; at 2017, e.g. plan a
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> conference-in-a-conference, offer two days of free training, offer more
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> mentoring, etc.
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> I was prepared to start recruiting colleagues and friends to come speak
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> at AppSec USA 2017 last November.  But we immediately had a problem - we
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> needed the AppSec USA organizing committee to confirm that we could have a
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> room for the duration of the conference.  We couldn't start recruiting
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> speakers and planning an event if there wasn't any space for us.
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> To this day, the AppSec USA 2017 organizing committee has not confirmed
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> we have any space at AppSec USA, or at least not to me, and I've asked a
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> bunch of times.  I believe we space for the WIA luncheon, but that came
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> second-hand when setting up the sponsorship.
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> If we have space at AppSec USA 2017, then depending on how large the
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> space is and how long we have it, we should quickly decide what we want to
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> do.  We can discuss options on the next WIA call on July 11.  It's
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> currently the first agenda item.  Maybe Tiffany can find out if we have
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> space?
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> I hope that clarifies the question asked on the last WIA call.
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> - Bil
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Appsec_usa_women_in_security mailing list
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-women-in-appsec">Appsec_usa_women_in_security at lists.owasp.org</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/appsec_usa_women_in_security">https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/appsec_usa_women_in_security</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>-------------- next part --------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed...
URL: &lt;<A HREF="http://lists.owasp.org/pipermail/owasp-women-in-appsec/attachments/20170621/5e018299/attachment.html">http://lists.owasp.org/pipermail/owasp-women-in-appsec/attachments/20170621/5e018299/attachment.html</A>&gt;
</PRE>

<!--endarticle-->
    <HR>
    <P><UL>
        <!--threads-->
	<LI>Previous message: <A HREF="000391.html">[Women_in_security] Sub-committee work and AppSec USA 2017
</A></li>
	<LI>Next message: <A HREF="000395.html">[Women_in_security] WIA Voting Has Begun
</A></li>
         <LI> <B>Messages sorted by:</B> 
              <a href="date.html#392">[ date ]</a>
              <a href="thread.html#392">[ thread ]</a>
              <a href="subject.html#392">[ subject ]</a>
              <a href="author.html#392">[ author ]</a>
         </LI>
       </UL>

<hr>
<a href="https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-women-in-appsec">More information about the owasp-women-in-appsec
mailing list</a><br>
</body></html>
