<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<HTML>
 <HEAD>
   <TITLE> [Women_In_AppSec] Notification about OWASP BoD decision on compliance case against Bev Corwin
   </TITLE>
   <LINK REL="Index" HREF="index.html" >
   <LINK REL="made" HREF="mailto:owasp-women-in-appsec%40lists.owasp.org?Subject=Re%3A%20%5BWomen_In_AppSec%5D%20Notification%20about%20OWASP%20BoD%20decision%20on%0A%20compliance%20case%20against%20Bev%20Corwin&In-Reply-To=%3CCAEOwi_4mKUNwkb3TSdJkvR4MOqgmaLbnGnD8t27SY9SV-V%3D9DQ%40mail.gmail.com%3E">
   <META NAME="robots" CONTENT="index,nofollow">
   <style type="text/css">
       pre {
           white-space: pre-wrap;       /* css-2.1, curent FF, Opera, Safari */
           }
   </style>
   <META http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=us-ascii">
   <LINK REL="Previous"  HREF="000602.html">
   <LINK REL="Next"  HREF="000604.html">
 </HEAD>
 <BODY BGCOLOR="#ffffff">
   <H1>[Women_In_AppSec] Notification about OWASP BoD decision on compliance case against Bev Corwin</H1>
    <B>OWASP WIA &amp; InfoSecGirls</B> 
    <A HREF="mailto:owasp-women-in-appsec%40lists.owasp.org?Subject=Re%3A%20%5BWomen_In_AppSec%5D%20Notification%20about%20OWASP%20BoD%20decision%20on%0A%20compliance%20case%20against%20Bev%20Corwin&In-Reply-To=%3CCAEOwi_4mKUNwkb3TSdJkvR4MOqgmaLbnGnD8t27SY9SV-V%3D9DQ%40mail.gmail.com%3E"
       TITLE="[Women_In_AppSec] Notification about OWASP BoD decision on compliance case against Bev Corwin">vandana.verma at owasp.org
       </A><BR>
    <I>Wed Aug  8 02:53:22 UTC 2018</I>
    <P><UL>
        <LI>Previous message: <A HREF="000602.html">[Women_In_AppSec] Notification about OWASP BoD decision on	compliance case against Bev Corwin
</A></li>
        <LI>Next message: <A HREF="000604.html">[Women_In_AppSec] All Day DevOps is back: October 17
</A></li>
         <LI> <B>Messages sorted by:</B> 
              <a href="date.html#603">[ date ]</a>
              <a href="thread.html#603">[ thread ]</a>
              <a href="subject.html#603">[ subject ]</a>
              <a href="author.html#603">[ author ]</a>
         </LI>
       </UL>
    <HR>  
<!--beginarticle-->
<PRE>Hi leads,

I had a discussion with Harold on our WiA meetup account wherein if OWASP
foundation has the ownership along with us then there shouldnt be a problem.

Let me touch base again on this.

Thank You
Vandana

On Wed, Aug 8, 2018, 08:19 Zoe Braiterman &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-women-in-appsec">zoe.braiterman at owasp.org</A>&gt; wrote:

&gt;<i> Hi Owen,
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> Thank you for your update.  I&#8217;ll also reach out to Harold and Matt T. At
</I>&gt;<i> your suggestion and will keep you posted.
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> Best,
</I>&gt;<i> Zoe
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> On Tue, Aug 7, 2018 at 9:19 PM Owen Pendlebury &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-women-in-appsec">owen.pendlebury at owasp.org</A>&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> wrote:
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Hi Zoe,
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> I don&#8217;t see the board decision as something that impacts WIAs decision to
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> renew their meetup licence. WIA have their own funds and I would assume
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> that a chapter and not Bev solely was funding this. This means it&#8217;s still
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> possible to get funding from the chapter or even another source.
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> The foundation also has their own meetup licence which you might contact
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Harold and Matt T to discuss.
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Nevertheless, if you need to renew your licence, the cost can always be
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> expenced using the platform the foundation has, so there is no reason why
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> you should have any issues renewing using WIA funds before your meeting.
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Happy to jump on a call to discuss any of this if you need me to.
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Owen
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> On Tue 7 Aug 2018 at 18:18, Zoe Braiterman &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-women-in-appsec">zoe.braiterman at owasp.org</A>&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> wrote:
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Hi Owen,
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> I&#8217;ve already requested the funds from OWASP staff members by email,
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>  forwarding the email I mention here.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> However, @Martin has been good enough to open the Compliance Committee /
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> BoD decision for questions among those included in this thread. I therefore
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> imclude Martin and those he&#8217;s included in the preceding email (Just
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> updating @Noreen Whysel&#8217;s email to her current email address). in the
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> continued WIA Committee discussion.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Due to the timeliness of decisions required to sustain the WIA Meetup, I
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> wanted to follow up on this thread regarding OWASP decesion-making.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> The question is also relevant to Bev Corwin&#8217;s expulsion from WIA
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> activities, because she had been funding the OWASP Women in AppSec Meetup
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> hosting, meaning that the BoD decision reflected the timely need for WIA
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Committee funding and the required WIA Committee vote, based on the motion
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> I&#8217;ve made.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Sincerely,
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Zoe
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> On Tue, Aug 7, 2018 at 6:01 PM Owen Pendlebury &lt;
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-women-in-appsec">owen.pendlebury at owasp.org</A>&gt; wrote:
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Hi Zoe,
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> I&#8217;m not aware of any email being sent, but this update is to do with
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> the compliance case which all relevant parties have been notified at the
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> same time.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Also, operational activities are handled by the foundations staff,
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> something the board cannot action.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Owen
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> On Tue 7 Aug 2018 at 15:36, Zoe Braiterman &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-women-in-appsec">zoe.braiterman at owasp.org</A>&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> wrote:
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Hi Martin, OWASP WIA Committee and all,
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> I imagine that this update is related to a reminder @Katherine just
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> sent to WIA Officers about our need for funding to sustain the OWASP Women
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> in AppSec Meetup (Bev Corwin had previously paid to sustain the Meetup):
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://www.meetup.com/womeninappsec/">https://www.meetup.com/womeninappsec/</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Since the Meetup is due for a payment update before our next monthly
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> WIA Committee call (late August, since our July call was on July 30th), I&#8217;d
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> like to make a motion on this thread to allocate funds from the WIA
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Committee budget to resume hosting for the Meetup site.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Can the WIA Committee and OWASP BoD take this thread as an opportunity
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> to vote on the motion?
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Sincerely,
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Zoe
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> On Tue, Aug 7, 2018 at 3:16 PM Martin Knobloch &lt;
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-women-in-appsec">martin.knobloch at owasp.org</A>&gt; wrote:
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> To whom it may concern,
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> As you might have been aware of, the compliance committee has
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> investigated a complaint filed by against Bev Corwin. The compliant
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> committee has investigated the compliant case and has forwarded an report
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> with recommendations to the OWASP Foundation Board of Directors.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> During the executive meeting of the OWASP Foundation board of
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> directors at the OWASP AppSec-Eu conference July 4th 2018, this case was
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> discussed based on recommendations made in the report by the compliance
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> committee. By unanimous vote of the attending 6 out of 7 members of the
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> OWASP Foundation board of directors, it was decided that:
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>    1.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>    Bev Corwin, is barred from participation in WIA in any way for
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>    the period of one year, starting August 1st 2018.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>    1.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>       Bev Corwin  may continue to serve in your chapter leadership
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>       role, and also within the other committees and projects she is involved.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>       2.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>    The period of one year is to be understood as probation time,
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>    starting August 1st 2018.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>    1.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>       In the case that there continues to be issues, without any
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>       commitment on Bev Corwin&#8217;s  part to resolve them, as well as demonstrable
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>       progress, then she will be asked to step down from leading or participating
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>       in all OWASP activities.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Please feel free to reach out to me if you have any questions on the
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> above.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Regards,
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Martin Knobloch
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> OWASP Foundation Chairman of the Board of Directors
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> --
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> *Zoe Braiterman*
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Chair, OWASP Women in AppSec (WIA) Committee - <A HREF="https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-women-in-appsec">wia at owasp.org</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Vice Chair, OWASP NIST NSTIC IDESG (NNI) Initiative
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Learning Lead, OWASP Mentors Initiative &amp; Learning Gateway Project
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> --
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Owen Pendlebury @pendo19 OWASP Ireland-Dublin
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://www.owasp.org/index.php/Ireland-Dublin">https://www.owasp.org/index.php/Ireland-Dublin</A> @AppSecIreland OWASP
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> AppSec EU Committee/ Training Committee Chair <A HREF="https://2017.appsec.eu">https://2017.appsec.eu</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> @appseceu
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> --
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> *Zoe Braiterman*
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Chair, OWASP Women in AppSec (WIA) Committee - <A HREF="https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-women-in-appsec">wia at owasp.org</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Vice Chair, OWASP NIST NSTIC IDESG (NNI) Initiative
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Learning Lead, OWASP Mentors Initiative &amp; Learning Gateway Project
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> --
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Owen Pendlebury @pendo19 OWASP Ireland-Dublin
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://www.owasp.org/index.php/Ireland-Dublin">https://www.owasp.org/index.php/Ireland-Dublin</A> @AppSecIreland OWASP
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> AppSec EU Committee/ Training Committee Chair <A HREF="https://2017.appsec.eu">https://2017.appsec.eu</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> @appseceu
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> --
</I>&gt;<i> *Zoe Braiterman*
</I>&gt;<i> Chair, OWASP Women in AppSec (WIA) Committee - <A HREF="https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-women-in-appsec">wia at owasp.org</A>
</I>&gt;<i> Vice Chair, OWASP NIST NSTIC IDESG (NNI) Initiative
</I>&gt;<i> Learning Lead, OWASP Mentors Initiative &amp; Learning Gateway Project
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>-------------- next part --------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed...
URL: &lt;<A HREF="http://lists.owasp.org/pipermail/owasp-women-in-appsec/attachments/20180808/742fc1cc/attachment-0001.html">http://lists.owasp.org/pipermail/owasp-women-in-appsec/attachments/20180808/742fc1cc/attachment-0001.html</A>&gt;
</PRE>


<!--endarticle-->
    <HR>
    <P><UL>
        <!--threads-->
	<LI>Previous message: <A HREF="000602.html">[Women_In_AppSec] Notification about OWASP BoD decision on	compliance case against Bev Corwin
</A></li>
	<LI>Next message: <A HREF="000604.html">[Women_In_AppSec] All Day DevOps is back: October 17
</A></li>
         <LI> <B>Messages sorted by:</B> 
              <a href="date.html#603">[ date ]</a>
              <a href="thread.html#603">[ thread ]</a>
              <a href="subject.html#603">[ subject ]</a>
              <a href="author.html#603">[ author ]</a>
         </LI>
       </UL>

<hr>
<a href="https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-women-in-appsec">More information about the owasp-women-in-appsec
mailing list</a><br>
</body></html>
